{"id": "bal4cg", "title": "The ongoing flaws of capitalism on the lower class that is being applied on Wall Street Bets new \u201cmod for all\u201d scheme.", "selftext": "Wall Street bets have recently been accepting an influx of mods on the condition that they upvote one of their posts in order to compete for the attention whore title on r/all. Their intentions were good, allowing for the peasant class to be able to have the opportunity of being a mod. This essentially allows for some sort of social mobility in the sub. Even in such a degenerative subreddit where everyone hails capitalism, they implemented a pinch of \u201cyang-gang style\u201d and has modded everyone who participated in their whoring. Shamelessly, myself included, couldn\u2019t pass up on this pyramid scheme looking opportunity and did my part in becoming a mod, only to rank the post up and trapping more people into thinking they have struck gold.\n\n\n\n\nThe inequality in this sub has SEEMED to subside with the old mods giving the peasants an opportunity to become a mod (if they accept within 25minutes) and some of them even eating a two-day ban. On the outside, it seems like the old mods are willing to share their lavish rights with the rest of reddit, but we were grievously mistaken when people started realizing that they are still being oppressed. After about a week of modding new people into the subreddit, the means of production has not changed. The old mods still control the means of production just like before but the difference is that this time, they are giving the illusion of opportunity for peasants thinking this is their chance of achieving the capitalist dream. \n\n\n\n\nThe elastic supply of mods has barely budged, meaning you still have a very good chance of becoming a mod if you go and comment and vote the page that they advertised. This scenario seems to defy the laws of economics. And it very well does. The truth is that the mods were able to keep supply elasticity of mods so low is because these new mods technically have no power. And the major fact that they have allowed a robot they have paid on GitHub to auto mod and ban over 100s of people per minute. They were given the illusion of importance only to realize that the power still resides at the very few at the top. Upon becoming a mod I tried to unban u/ny10, ban u/winkerpack for 600 years, perma ban u/smallmammal, only I find out that I do not have the power to do so. \n\n\n\n\nAt this point, I had noticed that I am still at the same position I was before I become a mod. I began to wonder why they would want to keep the power to themselves yet still give the people the identity as if they are also one of them. Then it hit me, they have automated away the need for a person to individually mod every single person that commented on their post, they are using artificial intelligence to filter shitpost over quality post, they are using automation in almost everything that they do not need any new mods to have rights to be able to do what a machine can do in a much better and efficient manner. Is this how our society is meant to be? Is this the end result of capitalism? That towards the end, the top is so powerful that they can essentially bamboozle the bottom over and over again because there is no need for their futile abilities and talents? Is this the precedent and circumstances you want to leave for your kids and grandkids? Automation should lift the burdens of our survival needs, not strip away our sense of meaning through responsibility. I don\u2019t blame the mods for what they have done, I blame the system for their neglect at identifying an apparent problem that has been looming since the dot com bubble. \n\n\n\n\nCarl Marx said that socialism is a necessary addition to a successful capitalistic society. We have had the most successful capitalism in the history of civilization and our lord and savior Andrew Yang has promised 1k a month to satiate our gambling needs by cucking the big boys at Amazon. It is time for us to take control of the means of productions. \n\n\n\n\nMany of you may still have doubts as to whether or not this is actually a good idea because an influx of free money will cause serious economic repercussions such as inflation etc.. but it actually doesn\u2019t. \n\n\n\n\n1. The freedom dividend is not derived from anything. It is coming from huge corporations that have the ability to automate away physical labor and use artificial intelligence to replace white collar jobs. The progress of advancement in a capitalist society is inevitable. All companies in a free enterprise market will eventually want to resort to technology in order to increase their productivity while reducing the cost needed to hire an actual human being. With automation already taking over and threatening over 800 million types of jobs, it is a concerning issue that minimum wage will not be able to tackle (because it\u2019ll only hurt small businesses since they don\u2019t have the money to automate). Andrew is suggesting a freedom dividend that will come from taxing mostly automation and some form of value-added tax(he is promising an amount half of that of European nations). The tax income from that alone will already cover most of the freedom dividend. Once implemented, microeconomics will take into effect, incentivizing citizens to stay out trouble(in order to retain the freedom dividend), spark more businesses in is the disenfranchised communities(more money circulating= more economic growth), etc.. The cost saved through that will not only lower the overall price needed to maintain the dividend but also reduce the inequality in our communities.\n\n\n\n\n2. Your problem with inflation is more suited for the argument of a minimum wage. When you increase the minimum wage, companies like Amazon just automate. Small businesses react most commonly by raising prices, firing workers, or cut benefits. Let\u2019s say the small business raises the price while Amazon\u2019s price is unaffected because they automated their process. Consumers like us will logically buy on Amazon because it\u2019s cheaper thus hurting small businesses and they must resort to the other two option in order to remain solvent, but eventually, they will close down because they cannot compete with automation. Once closed, Amazon raises price however much they want, even by 1% with no competition is enough to suck money out of local communities while increasing almost everything in that community by 1% as well. The steps that small businesses took is what causes price movements locally(KEEP IN MIND: all things are priced differently according to the place they live). With the freedom dividend, the tax aimed at automation, enough so that everyone benefits from it while technological progress that makes our life easier is not hindered. Small businesses do not raise prices unless their profit margins are being hit, which minimum wage does that to them. If Amazon raises prices, we still got local businesses competing with them at lower prices. If Amazon wants the prove the law of demand again and raise prices, they are basically gifting money to local businesses. While the freedom dividend is not perfect, it\u2019s the step in the right direction as many more jobs will be replaced by automation leaving numerous Americans jobless. At the very least these fellow Americans have something they can fall back on.\n\n\n\n\nOverall, I believe that what the mods are doing is a symptom of the diseases that is plaguing our civilization, and we are at the fourth biggest revolution in American history, and if we don\u2019t cease the means of production now, we many be in for a very rude awakening. Please gimme a flair.  I have a 4 mid-terms this week and I am wasting my time on this shit. \n", "created_utc": 1554671107, "permalink": "/r/wallstreetbets/comments/bal4cg/the_ongoing_flaws_of_capitalism_on_the_lower/", "is_self": true}