{"id": "bi7epk", "title": "Prediction of 2076. Take this DD with caution.", "selftext": "In 2076, there will be a catastrophe caused by a AI malfunction that launched a nuclear missile from Russia to China, as a retaliation China unleashed a emp burst by crashing one of their satellite into the Russians\u2019, rendering both countries GPS technology useless. Fortunately for China, their completion of the Silk Road allowed them to have superior communication with their military bases in India, Philippines, and Africa. The debris from the satellite crash destroys one of USA satellite. US, unable to communities with their military bases across the globe and also having a outage due to a global emp burst, they sent 27 fighter jets traveling at super sonic speeds carrying radio signals, able to replicate an artificial satellite. These jets detected missiles being launched by China and Russia. Thinking a joint attack by the Chinese and Russians are happening,  They immediately retaliate while they still have the time, the United States launches all their missiles towards China and Russia. China, still having some sort of data coming in from their development of the new Silk Road, saw the incoming missiles by the US. Believing that the Russians have somehow convinced the US to launch a two front attack, China launches their missiles towards the United States. 6 minutes later, the US fighter jet reports the launched missiles was not targeting the US, but 55 missiles has been fired aiming straight towards the US after they have launched theirs. This caused a chain reaction. Russia, currently in a black out, launches their entire arsenal across the globe. Earth is now a radioactive wasteland. Those who survived lives in the edges of the planet, mostly near volcanoes because it provides warmth and fire. Due to this, evolution began getting rid of more hair. The decedents of these new humans are now immune to x-Ray and gamma rays. With this ability, they began uncovering technology and knowledge destroyed 700 years ago by the nuclear catastrophe. Technology was fully revived in 27 years. By year 2788, these new humans discovered that they can now use gamma and x-rays as a source of wireless communication. They completed string theory and quantum computing that was unable to be achieved through the use of classic radio waves. Human has finally achieved type .99 status of civilization. The entire planet was fueled on clean and sustainable energy. The last part of their advancement is the ability to produce rocket thrust using clean energy as well, but that will require another 200 years to accomplish. Time travel was created. Only a select few are able to time travel, but the technology was not perfect. The first human to time travel found out that even though he has entered himself into a new time, space did not ceased during his travel. Although time changed, space was still moving thus Earth was still traveling at its initial velocity causing anyone who was time traveling to crash at the speed of the planets velocity. The first human to ever time travel crashed on Roswald New Mexico. However, communication was still possible. I was send to tell you guys to vote for Andrew Yang as president for 2020.", "created_utc": 1556424376, "permalink": "/r/wallstreetbets/comments/bi7epk/prediction_of_2076_take_this_dd_with_caution/", "is_self": true}