{"id": "bwv0da", "title": "My First Substantial Options Buy Was A Success", "selftext": "I don't normally buy calls/puts as a way to generate gains. I usually buy shares or short them. (Mostly buy though, I'm primarily a bull). I have a day trader account but over the last month I've fallen below my required 25k so haven't been able to day trade. Honestly, it's sucked cus I don't like holding overnight very often. Since I've lost so much lately I've been hesitant to do many big bets as I've seen my account shrink. Last week it dipped to 17k for the first time in forever. I've been spooked but knew I had to do something. Had to risk.\n\nThe last 3 trading days have gone almost perfect. On Friday I bought TWLO shares and AMD shares. Mostly AMD, had 1400 shares. I wanted to play downside too so bought TWLO puts and AMD puts (these aren't the successful options I'm talking about). I didn't go crazy on these, only bought enough contracts to cover shares. On Monday, as you all know, the market tanked, but before that happened AMD and TWLO both briefly surged. I had auto limit sells set and they both executed. TWLO at 133 and AMD at 29.4. Then as things tanked my puts increased in value. My account was at about 21k. \n\nWith the big drop and me thinking that clouds fell for no reason I decided to look at cloud companies for opportunity because I expected a bounce. Turns out there was but it was marketwide. Even though I like TWLO, I wasn't sure if their trading range od 123-133 would be disrupted so decided on no calls there. I chose ADBE to make my first large call bet.\n\nSo I knew I was going to essentially YOLO on ADBE, now it was just a matter of at what price I would jump in at. I analyzed the charts and thought 261 would be a bottom. Ended up buying the calls at about 263 because I saw a little resistance and thought there might be a rise that day and I'd miss out. Turns out it dropped as low as 258. So I bought the calls a little premature and by the end of day my account was about 18k, I was 3k down. That night I had my usual worry when holding a big bet overnight but logically was pretty confident ADBE should be in the 270s and my calls were for 4 weeks out so I had time.\n\nWith the bounce today ADBE reached 268.8 and I sold my calls at end of day putting my account right at 25k, so an 8k 1 day swing, but 4k gain. My first major options buy was a success.\n\nHowever, I really think that I sold too early because I'm about 95% sure that ADBE will reach 272 minimum by end of week, but probably more. So I probably missed out on 10k+ gain, but felt like I was in no position to be freedy right now and that I should take profits where I can get them. I know, not autist enough, but there's always next time. I'm happy with my 8k swing, 4k gain today. I think I'll continue to buy shares mostly as I usually do, but will pull out the option game during certain days that I really feel a move isn't justified.", "created_utc": 1559687093, "permalink": "/r/wallstreetbets/comments/bwv0da/my_first_substantial_options_buy_was_a_success/", "is_self": true}