{"id": "c2nysy", "title": "My Prediction For Rest of Week (AMD Tendies)", "selftext": "Okay another prediction time. As some may know, I've made some good ones in my short month as a member. If you followed me and did what I said you'd be way green. I've made about 12k since being a member.. It started after antitrust news and I predicted a surging ADBE because it dropped and had nothing to do with that, then went on and predicted FBs huge rise when it was at a laughable 170, my latest gem was a couple days ago when I predicted a quick rise in CRM. And while CRM is likely not done and will reach 160s by next week, I'm on to new things.\n\nAdmittedly, this new prediction isn't my usual variety. I tend to target stocks that have fallen for what I consider fake reasons, and are due for a recovery to their normal trading range. Thos is normally news related drops. Was the case with ADBE, FB, and CRM. All of which are back to their ranges so new opportunity is limited, but CRM still has potential. This new prediction isn't technically undervalued, or even below its normal trading range, two metrics I normally use, but it is affected by recent news that could affect it and recent price movement that helps gauge it. I'll explain.\n\nPrediction: AMD for tomorrow, and possibly Friday. It could reach as high as 34, but probably closer to 32. It was trading in the 27-29.5 range for weeks, back and forth, so we already know it is capable of seesawing. Once it broke 29.5 resistance that is now its support, so I don't expect a drop lower than that without some devastating news. It closed near 30.5 today and didn't go much lower for long, good sign. Here's why the prediction. When Trump tweeted something recently about meeting Xi it went above 32. This shows trade concerns weigh heavily on AMD, and chips in general. The FED just gave their rate plan and the markets will begin pricing in a 100% chance of a rate cut in July. This pricing in should affect whole market tomorrow, but maybe moreso on China related stocks. The rate cuts are largely to counter damage done by Trumps trade war. Damage that would be done to AMD and other chip stocks. Since the damage will be mitigated without a shadow of a doubt now, I see a rise incoming for AMD closer to the post Trump tweet about meeting with Xi, which should be around 32, but small chance of higher. \n\nSo get AMD calls at open if no gap up. I got them at end of day today, and throught as it dipped. Good luck all. As a warninf, my confidence level on this prediction is not nearly as high as my previous predictions (which were 100% confidence), but I still believe in it.", "created_utc": 1560984652, "permalink": "/r/wallstreetbets/comments/c2nysy/my_prediction_for_rest_of_week_amd_tendies/", "is_self": true}