{"id": "co7f7s", "title": "ACAD Acadia Pharmaceuticals Thesis", "selftext": "ACAD note\n\nPrice: $29.80\n\nShares: 144.5m\n\nMarket Cap: $4.4bn\n\nThey have $382m of cash, at their annualized burn rate of $120m/yr, they have about 3 years worth of cash left before they need to raise more money. They SHOULD be able to reach profitability before that happens. But who really knows?\n\nAcadia Pharmaceuticals has essentially one drug, Pimavanserin (also called Nuplazid), that is focused on CNS disorders. Their one drug, Pimavanserin, is already approved by the FDA to treat Parkinson\u2019s Disease Psychosis (PDP). They are also in several clinical trials for other indications, such as Dementia Related Psychosis (a big one), Major Depressive Disorder as an adjunct therapy, and Schizophrenia negative symptoms. \n\nPimavanserin works by targeting the 5-HT2A serotonin receptor in the brain, thought to be responsible for causing hallucinations. PDP by itself is a relatively large market, with 400,000 Parkinson\u2019s patients in the US showing symptoms of hallucinations or delusions. In my discussions with neurologists and doctors, it came to light that almost half of PDP sufferers are not treated for their hallucinations because the side-effects from existing antipsychotic drugs, such as Seroquel and Clozapine, are so severe. These patients often see deceased relatives or pets in their homes, but are told that because they are not \u201cdisruptive\u201d hallucinations, they are better left unchecked because the existing antipsychotics (NOT Pimavanserin/Nuplazid) will leave them feeling sluggish, drugged, cognitively impaired, and carry with them a higher mortality rate. Pima/Nuplazid has a relatively clean side effect profile and is safer than existing antipsychotics on the market, leading to almost no loss of cognition. It does carry with it a black box warning on a higher mortality rate, but having seen the data set, the patients in the trial were incredibly old, and oftentimes had severe cases of PDP. The doctors I have spoken with view Nuplazid as a safer drug than Seroquel and Clozapine and many are moving it up the chain of treatment options, even using it as a first line treatment in some cases of PDP. \n\nMarket opportunity in PDP: Domestically, about 125k patients in the US are treated for PDP with mostly Seroquel or Clozapine per year. As I mentioned before, the true number would be significantly higher (400k) if all cases of Hallucinations with Parkinson\u2019s were treated. I believe with a clean safety profile from Nuplazid that will eventually be the case. At 125k patients, the US market size is roughly $3.75b, but could be as high as $12bn if we are talking about the 400k patients. That market probably increases by about 50% if you include international markets, of which ACAD still retains all commercial rights. \n\nIn the meantime, ACAD has upcoming trial data in the second half of 2019. The most important of these trials is Dementia Related Psychosis (DRP). 8 million patients in the US suffer from dementia and 2.4m also suffer from psychosis. The likely addressable market is 1.2m patients in the US every year and there is no approved treatment for this indication. Like PDP, desperate neurologists and doctors prescribe dangerous antipsychotic medications like Clozapine and Seroquel OFF-LABEL to treat these patients who are having disruptive hallucinations. That is arguably a $40b market if just half of the patients with psychosis were treated with Nuplazid. The interim data for their Phase III trial will come out in the second half of 2019, with final results coming in 2H2020. But the interim data will be enough to make or break the stock, likely. The trial is set up in an interesting (and in my opinion, advantageous way) for ACAD. It is a relapse prevention study, which means that they dose DRP patients with Nuplazid or Placebo for a few weeks (I believe 6?). They then take JUST the Nuplazid positive responders and take away their medication and track the rate at which the patients previously on Nuplazid relapse back to having hallucinations vs. the patients on placebo having their placebo taken away. Personally, I think this is a good trial design because it means you are only tracking the patients that actually were affected by Nuplazid, thus it should provide an advantage over placebo response rates. \n\nThey also have a Phase II trial for Schizophrenia negative symptoms ongoing which should read out around the end of 2019.  40-50% of schizophrenia patients experience serious negative symptoms, leading to an addressable market in the US of about 1m patients. Their phase II ENHANCE trial just read out for Schizophrenia as an adjunctive treatment option (on top of other antipsychotics). Although it didn\u2019t read out as statistically significant against placebo when used in conjunction with other medications, it DID read out as statistically significant on the negative symptom subscale in that trial (p value of 0.0474) so the stock has since recovered and more since the read-out of the ENHANCE results on July 23rd. \n\nThey also are trialing the drug in Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) as an adjunctive treatment option. This market is likely 2.5m people in the US, but the trial just started in 2Q19 so we likely won\u2019t get interim data until next year. \n\nOn their 2Q19 call they raised full year revenue guidance to $320-330m, so the stock is trading at 12x this year sales, rich for a biotech company, but in my opinion likely severely undervaluing future opportunities from ongoing clinical trials, 2 of which have data readouts in the next 4 months. The Baker Brothers own 27.5% of the outstanding shares, which likely gives some people comfort considering they are some of the best biotech investors in the world. However, they have been wrong in the past. With the dearth of organic growth on major drug companies\u2019 pipelines, I think EVENTUALLY this will be an acquisition target. It makes too much sense to buy an approved drug for an unmet need and just layer it in to a large drug company\u2019s sales &amp; marketing staff as opposed to having to run your own sales force (as ACAD currently does) and have them only sell 1 drug. An acquiring company could literally just fire the entire sales staff and save themselves $315m a year by just adding it to the menu of drugs that their existing sales force sells\u2026\n\nEXTREMELY back of the envelope math on what I believe ACAD is worth if they get approvals: If you assume their existing markets are $50bn, and they capture 10% share, ($5 billion in revenue) and give it a 5x revenue multiple- much more reasonable for a biotech company, the stock price would be $172/share. So I guess that is what I am aiming for? But personally I own $45 calls that expire in 2020 after we should get the read-outs of DRP and Schizophrenia negative symptoms trials in end of 2019. \n\nRemember: I am not a doctor, a financial advisor, or an analyst. This is not a recommendation to do ANYTHING and if you blindly listen to me without doing your own due diligence you are likely going to lose money. As with all biotechs, this is EXTREMELY risky and can EASILY go to $0.", "created_utc": 1565379743, "permalink": "/r/wallstreetbets/comments/co7f7s/acad_acadia_pharmaceuticals_thesis/", "is_self": true}