{"id": "cork3t", "title": "I know it's early, but let me present to you my ahead-of-time DD on the Robinhood IPO.", "selftext": "Where Robinhood shines most is how it succeeds in making the player truly *feel* like a trader, pushing the envelope of immersion with a brilliantly unique way of using microtransactions. The innovative pay-to-play, get-paid-to-win business model keeps the game free for its best players, which keeps attracting the biggest player base compared to the other games in the genre.\n\nHowever, the implementation of thia mechanic isn't without its drawbacks, both in dollars and in gameplay terms. The developers still make less profit off this game than competitors despite having by far the most downloads, because of this reliance on attracting those users by paying out winnings without skimming much off the top. Meanwhile, players don't get much direct advantage from the populated servers because this genre's multiplayer formula just doesn't shine at providing meaningful, engaging interactions between players. Instead, many of the most dedicated long-time players lament the occasional server overload that comes with having the most users and the least profits to pay for servers. \n\nFortunately, I think these drawbacks can be excused. Robinhood's developers have proven creative enough to keep finding just enough room for monetization to keep servers running and keep attracting players with free play. Counting their success against their difficulties, it's not a bad performance overall for the first attempt at such a new financial model. I think they've shown to be some of the most nimble and capable indie devs in the industry and they'll survive the growing pains of managing the rise of what's becoming the most popular MMO. And while it would be nice if they'd innovate on the formulaic and lonely multiplayer experience as much as they have on the pay model, the game's immersiveness makes it plenty addicting even in its basic form, while the online community offers the deep social elements for players who crave to seek it out in third-party forums or online chats about the game's world and in-game happenings.\n\nGiven all that, how do I respond to the news that the dev team is taking a note from the pages of Half-Life and passing up the chance to release a *Robinhood 2*, opting instead for a sequel in the form of a DLC called *Robinhood IPO*?\n\nOverall, I know many fans and people who have been playing longer than me find the IPO category of DLCs to be frequently disappointing, but you have to understand, this is a whole DLC category with the core premise of always being made available for all players. Otherwise, you would have a situation like Call of Duty map-locking that divides the player base by how much new stuff they've unlocked post-release, which would be especially catastrophic for a player base that rely on third-party places of discussion for the social element of the multiplayer experience. Without that, this game would be inferior to online casinos and really not much different from a Powerball lotto ticket.\n\nI also understand that some people think the whole self-referential shtick of the Robinhood IPO add-on within the Robinhood game itself is repetitive or tacky. To that, I say it's just fear of change, because the same argument could apply to all sequels, the only difference here is this is a new approach.\n\nFinally, I do hear the criticism that there's no way this will be as full-scale of a sequel as some were hoping for. That is an issue Half-Life 2 Episode 2 had as well, and in this case it will be more severe since it's just a freebie for the IPO category. I can't deny that, but I do think it will be higher-budget and bigger-scale than the other IPO DLCs, which is good for the category as a whole. \n\nOn the other hand, Robinhood keeps getting improved with every update. I'm fine with it if instead of spending resources on a large-scale sequel, they focus on perfecting this game with big moves like adding a co-op mode to make the multiplayer more vibrant. If this game becomes a true mastapiece, they might even be able to get Reggie on board to oversee a full-scale sequel after all. I'm not them so I can't speak for what the devs are doing, just my thoughts.\n\nGoing against the grain, I'm giving *Robinhood IPO* a relatively optimistic projected rating of 4/5 - Buy. It's one point short of my strongest rating - Pre-Order - but that difference would only apply to paid titles anyway. This one is promising to be a lot of fun and I'm sure it will blow the naysayers away.", "created_utc": 1565492408, "permalink": "/r/wallstreetbets/comments/cork3t/i_know_its_early_but_let_me_present_to_you_my/", "is_self": true}