{"id": "csbemt", "title": "for long-term trade, what is best for USA? Open markets in China or no IP theft?", "selftext": "I ask this question because I think those are two points of discussion when it comes to the Trump administration (Wilbur Ross, Navarro, and Lighthizer, Mnuchin).  After considering all the options that are realistic in terms of what China will be willing to accept, I think the open markets with tariff-free entry into China is the best option.  Screw the IP theft solution.  Why do I say this?  I think the IP theft concern is only for American companies who want to offshore their production to China in order to utilize Chinese labor.  Take Elon Musk for example opening up the factory in Shanghai.  Of course, Elon wants to make cars cheap with Chinese labor, but you know eventually his company's secrets are going to be raided bigtime and Tesla will go bellyup.  GE is an example of IP theft gone wild too with basically its appliances being copied by Chinese partners.  That's what you get for just thinking short-term.  However, that's ACTUALLY GOOD for American workers.  Why is that?  This bullshit IP theft actually discourages American companies from wanting to manufacture in China.  They may want to manufacture in other countries or even stay in the USA.  I think open markets is way more important because China currently tariffs the hell out of anything made in the USA that is sold into China.  In the USA, Walmart sells China stuff basically tariff-free.  Chinese people do want to buy made in the USA products that are considered safe such as dairy products and probably other stuff.  They can't because the government there has restrictions and tariffs on US made stuff.  I think Trump should dump the requirement for IP theft.  Who cares if American companies get raped later on by their local Chinese partner.  Open markets is what Trump should be going after.  0% tarifffs for both sides.", "created_utc": 1566184668, "permalink": "/r/wallstreetbets/comments/csbemt/for_longterm_trade_what_is_best_for_usa_open/", "is_self": true}