{"id": "d3hbgr", "title": "Markopolos vs. GE - wtf is going on here?", "selftext": "I read the Markopolos report and researched the LTC industry. GE clearly has good PR folks, as they definitely won the public relations war, and the stock has bounced back. I saw some reports from analysts, a statement from the Kansas Insurance Department (that came out suspiciously soon after Markopolos's report), saw a lot of talking heads on TV go after Markopolos personally for giving an early preview of his report to a fund in exchange for a percentage of any profits on shorting GE. I've seen people reference how Markopolos's report uses the wrong accounting treatments (A team of 6 forensic accountants used the wrong treatments?), and I've seen GE's CEO buy $2M in shares, which is not insubstantial, but not terribly substantial based on his total net worth. But he also just got to GE and may not be totally familiar with all its operations. And Fitch kept their bond rating the same, regardless of now recognizing that GE has to take a writedown on its LTC losses.  For some inexplicable reason, GE is also using cash to pay off some random bonds before they come due.\n\nBut, what I haven't seen is any substantive, accounting-based, point-by-point rebuttal of the Markopolos report from GE. Why wouldn't GE or KPMG do this (KPMG could offer a 'Going Concern' report)? Why wouldn't they put an entire squad of people on doing this, to erase any and all doubt? Have Culp get up on stage and explain the thing? I just don't understand why GE wouldn't put it to bed ASAP. Every GE article I've seen over the last several weeks pretty much has to mention Markopolos. Why not use logic and math to put it to bed and get rid of the cloud hanging over them? If it was coming out of absolute left field, that would be one thing, but Markopolos has quite the serious reputation, and is taken seriously, and I don't believe he would risk his entire career and his CFA and CFE designations to put out an incorrect report.", "created_utc": 1568335377, "permalink": "/r/wallstreetbets/comments/d3hbgr/markopolos_vs_ge_wtf_is_going_on_here/", "is_self": true}