{"id": "d72354", "title": "Monday red or green?", "selftext": "Not only are U.S. banks facing liquidity problems causing them to resort to the *lender of last resort* (the Fed) for overnight borrowing, but also the market couldn't hold ATH for more than an hour yesterday, after which it started sliding in a steady bear channel to test 300 again before China cancelled talks, which made it drop under 298 - completely wiping all gains since the dip after Powell's speech. Now we're under that dip. Price action very bearish, we could be on the verge of a snap back to 280 now, which may or may not hold this time.\n\nA lot of new headwinds come October but I guess they're already starting to get priced in, the feds repo operations are adding uncertainty to the mix, October will be a big test for the market but I figured we'd manufacture a new ATH before that - just didn't think it'd last only 1hr. Trade war is still negatively affecting things. Even though people became optimistic about it in the short term, it could still escalate further. September was a big month for China when it needed stability, but come October they could stop negotiating. SPY flat for the year and eveyone saying that as a bad thing, but if it's all one big consolidation at 300 then you can see a decent jump up possible if the market sees it that way. But seems like every time we've made a new ATH this year all it provides is a great entry for puts, and it really seems *thats* the way the market sees it currently. Based on the US economy SPY 300 makes sense, based on the global economy 280 makes more sense - really hard to tell where it's going. I thought 300 would be much stronger support than it turned out by to be, and now it seems like support at 298 is the only hope before we risk a snap back to 280 - the original dip off China cancelling talks technically broke 298, which was followed by what seems like a dead cat bounce before 298 broke again right away in after hours and so far (5:30pm) only sinking lower. Monday could be hella red it seems, or we'll manage to recover 298 and possibly 300 into the week to start a march back to ATH?\n\nA slow push towards ATH and holding it this time is the most bullish scenario I think, consolidating there to give investors confidence to buy in at those levels and start pushing new ATHs. It could be possible based on the strength of the US economy and if the perception of numerous global headwinds get better. However, any more negative news would negate that, and perhaps the perception of global headwinds are already too bad and another selloff is imminent. I don't see anything on the horizon that could cause a quick gain. A good brexit wouldn't be enough to outweigh all the other negative headwinds, and that seems like the only positive news on the horizon now. On the other hand there are a bunch of things that could cause a quick drop like China talks falling apart again, Brexit outlook getting worse again, hostility with Iran escalating, the bank liquidity issue scaring people, or a combination of these. I guess if we get great news about a China deal it could cause a nice rally, but I really don't think a deal is anywhere in sight. What do y'all think is in store for us?", "created_utc": 1569018128, "permalink": "/r/wallstreetbets/comments/d72354/monday_red_or_green/", "is_self": true}