{"id": "dcwmpt", "title": "Fuckkkk Apple", "selftext": "Ok, here it goes...\n\nApple WAS a great company. In a tech market shrouded in mystery, they seemed to pull back the curtain with their sleek design and simple user interface. They made tech that seemed super complicated, accessible to everyone. It was easy to use, and even when it wasn't they had great support staff (geniuses) to help explain what was going on and solve what seemed to be the most complicated problems. They dominated the tech market for a while. That is, until everything changed when the GREAT ONE left us.\n\nOnce Robo-CEO, Tim Cook took over, the company was never the same. Slowly, their products lost their luster. Over night, Apple seemed to fall behind competitor technology, favoring lighting ports, photo capability and facial recognition over actual improvements to the products. Shit, even their geniuses started to seem retarded, with the only question they are able to answer is whether or not the product is still covered by the warranty. But, by the time consumers realized Apple's products were not what they once were, Apple had cornered the market by transitioning into a service based company.\n\nApple somehow managed to get everyone's most personal information uploaded to the iCloud \u2013 credit card info, books, music libraries (that you spent hours building out), and all your photos. Now, consumers are held hostage by a services company that won't fix their products in favor of keeping you on their services while managing to get you to buy their \"new\" products every two years. This was a fine business model for the most part. Even though consumers aren't happy, they are held hostage because they don't want to migrate all their data or learn new user interfaces. All Apple had to do was keep doing what they're doing and keep a chokehold on the market (the customers).\n\nThis is where Robo-CEO Tim Cook really fucked up. He got caught up in the streaming services race. He decided it would be a good idea to sell apple products with a free one year subscription to their streaming services to build subscribers as quick as possible. Apple essentially won't see any profit from their streaming service, but instead will boast high subscriber numbers even though they're not making any money off them. They essentially put all their eggs in one basket anticipating that subscribers will be too lazy/uninterested in canceling their Apple TV subscription.\n\nFor this plan to work, one of two things needs to happen. 1) The content on Apple TV needs to be great enough to maintain subscribers, and 2) Apple needs to hope that it maintains a positive image in public perception.\n\nThere are fundamental problems with both of those. Addressing #1, Apple decide to enter a market in which it has 0 experience in. In fact, even worse, Apple entered a market where, unlike technology, every person tends to consider themselves experts in spotting good content. With technology, there is a reason that \"geniuses\" are necessary, because it's complicated. The lay-person doesn't understand back-end coding, or how a data processor interacts with a graphics card. But the lay-person does understand what is good content and what isn't. There's a reason why the Academy Awards is given a primetime viewer spot and why you read about Tech Crunch Disrupt in a magazine. Hell, people even have Oscar parties where they try and guess what will be given the award for it's respective category. I highly doubt that Apple, who has never made content before, will be able to compete with the content that is created by Disney +, HBO Max, Amazon Prime, or Netflix.\n\nAddressing #2, Apple positioned themselves to be hurt by their own consumer base. By offering the subscription for a whole year for free, if their consumers feel they are being treated unfairly they can all unsubscribe and Apple won't see any revenue from their streaming service. While in the past, the likelihood of consumer mutiny seemed unlikely. In today's day and age, it seems anything as small as ignoring a customer is grounds for a class action law-suit. That doesn't bode well for a company that is making a large portion of their money by telling their consumers to fuck off and pay for the newest product. We've seen small instances impact whole corporations before, just look at Starbucks. They had to close down their stores to retrain every employee. The likelihood that a small instance like this doesn't happen are slim, especially considering how many locations they have. Hell, all it takes is one corporate sexual harassment lawsuit and it's a twitter campaign boycotting all Apple products.\n\nAll Apple is trying to do with this subscription deal is buy themselves time. They are buying themselves time so that they can learn how to develop content like the studios who have been there for almost half a century before them. All it takes is one mis step, one bad tweet from 2008 to set this dumpster on fire.\n\nLong Story Short: Apple put all their eggs in one streaming service basket and opened themselves up to be harmed by their own consumer base with the way that they decided to roll out their streaming service. \n\nTLDR: Buy APPL puts, their business model is flawed and they are trying to break into a market thats already been well established.", "created_utc": 1570134389, "permalink": "/r/wallstreetbets/comments/dcwmpt/fuckkkk_apple/", "is_self": true}