{"id": "dwz4m4", "title": "How I beat the market.", "selftext": "One year ago, I read a Forbes magazine saying that a monkey could outperform the market by throwing darts at random stocks. I was highly skeptical at first, (I'm extremely hard to convince), but after reading the second paragraph when they said : \"The monkeys have done a much better job than both the experts and the stock market\" I was thoroughly convinced. \n\nUnfuckingbelieveable right? Who would have thought that the shit flinging monkeys had bigger financial prowess than us humans. Immediately I looked to invest in monkey futures before people caught on but sadly there are no monkey futures. Then it hit me. People were fucking oblivious to the potential monkeys had in picking stocks, I had to get my hands on some monkeys.\n\nThe most convenient and obvious place was the central park zoo, I spent 20 minutes coming up with a plan to heist the monkeys. I was going to go in the middle of the day, carrying 12 sets of children's clothes. I was gonna quickly snatch the monkeys, dress them up, and then pretend like I was leading a kindergarten class field trip and walk them out all casually you know, line leader kinda shit. Fool proof. But then I realized, if I take all the monkeys, the security would know somethings up. I decided I needed to replace the monkeys with other monkeys so no one would realize. You see, you have to be smart like me and think out every aspect of your plan.\n\nNow I needed to get some monkeys to replace the ones I was gonna steal so I decided to go the Congo to steal some monkeys. Fast forward a week and I'm in the middle of the jungle, hunting monkeys, I managed to catch 12, I cant tell you how because then you will copy my success in the market but I'll tell you it involves a lot of shit flinging. Damn it! I realized I couldnt bring 12 monkeys back into the USA or the TSA would be all up in my ASS. I tried fitting them inside those 2oz travel sized shampoo bottles but that didnt work out, I could only fit 5 of them in there. I said fuck it and swam from Africa to New York with 12 monkeys on my back. I have good groin muscles so my breast stroke is impressive. \n\nI'm finally in the central park zoo, I had all 12 of my monkeys dressed up in children's clothes, I was gonna steal me some monkeys, the old bait and switch. I walk into the monkey exhibit, hands filled with bananas. I lure all the monkeys when no one is looking and I switch them out with my monkeys. Eventually I have all 12 of my monkeys, ready to be snuck out. As the line leader, I guide all of them outside the zoo, a stunning success, I pulled off the greatest monkey heist. I took a head count, see if I had any casualties. 1, 2, 3 ,4 .... 10, 11, 12, 13? I have 13 heads? I then realized some retard kid was in my line, he must have thought I was his kindergarten teacher. I dont blame him, I'm a pretty damn good line leader. I appreciated the enthusiasm so although he couldn't match the stock picking abilities of my monkeys, I let him join the team. I name him Alfred. \n\nNow we are at my apartment, it's kind of cramped I here but I figured I'll upgrade to a mansion after these monkeys and Alfred start printing me money. \nI finally put up a newspaper with the stocks page and arm them with darts. They start going batshit crazy, throwing them everywhere, I dive behind my couch for my own safety. I guess this is the high risk high reward people keep mentioning. \n\nAfter the fiasco settles down, I see that one dart landed on the stock page. \n\nTicker $AXSM, axsome therapeutics.\n\nI decide to go all in on this stock because it was the only one a dart landed on. \n\nOne year later, the stock is up over 800% and I'm currently typing this from my mansion. Monkeys and Alfred are doing fine.", "created_utc": 1573862040, "permalink": "/r/wallstreetbets/comments/dwz4m4/how_i_beat_the_market/", "is_self": true}