{"id": "e1hnd1", "title": "Please Lisa", "selftext": "The problem is that I am too invested. I can't get out I'm overleveraged with love. I have gone into a debt that is insurmountable and now the asset is gone gone gone. Why couldn't I have shorted our love, the way she did. I wish I was drowning, that would be better than the way she left me. I wish she would have let me sell even at a fraction of what I had. She took me for a ride and let me off with a crash. The feelings I had for her surmounted nothing and the feelings still linger. I live outside now, cold and never resting. I have no place to go and now I trade favors with others. She never reciprocated, she never loved me, but I kept buying more and more into her. I left myself for her. I think that I could have been a successful trader once. She was the first thing I ever had that seemed to be permanent. I never felt this way before and felt as though I was on top of the world. I wish she had not left me. I think that I would have another chance with myself had I not leveraged that last little bit as a gambit. The love gambit that might spark the magic that I once had, as I was riding high on my love for her. The love gambit didn't work and now I'm here, the lover that's down and out. Gambit's are inherently risky, almost as risky as a leveraged position or 5 AMD 50 weeklies. She left me and took the kids. Lisa fucking took the kids. I love her and wish she would treat me like a kid and take me with her. I just want to see her once. Now I just trade favors for food. Favors are the only way to get on down here. Money doesn't just fall from the sky, at least not any more. I wish that money wasn't the only thing that mattered anymore. I wish I could trade favor after favor after favor until I was owed enough favors to get her back. But favors wouldn't bring her back anymore. Lol. Nothing can bring her back anymore. I also think that I have something going wrong with me. I don't really know what it is but it probably has something to do with all the food I've been eating.", "created_utc": 1574696126, "permalink": "/r/wallstreetbets/comments/e1hnd1/please_lisa/", "is_self": true}