{"id": "e2u5q3", "title": "Anyone else following ITCI? My DD on this stock, would like some opinion from others", "selftext": "I had posted about ITCI before, but I never fully read all of the scientific info on the molecule of interest until today. So I ended up reading all of the articles in regards to Lumateperone's usage for treating schizophrenia. It seems like Lumateperone has a very good dopamine d2 receptor occupancy level (rivals that of Clozapine, one of the best anti-psychotic drugs on the market) and the 60 mg oral daily dose has shown efficacy in two of the three randomized phase 3 trials. After finishing up the phase 3 studies, the FDA canceled the Adcom on Lumateperone's candidacy for schizophrenia and simply asked the company for animal toxicology studies. As it turns out, the molecule has an impeccable safety profile (it was optimized by med chemists at BMS) and these animal tox studies further supported that. But because Wall Street is obsessed with how adcom meetings can lead to stocks running high, a cancellation of an adcom was a bad sign for them and the stock got punished. Since the molecule had subpar performance in the previous phase 3 studies for its efficacy for treating bipolar disorder, I think that people were simply tired of this stock and thought it wasnt gonna go anywhere. \n\nIn my opinion, the FDA is very busy with packing all these meetings into its calendar and they realized that Lumateperone has an excellent safety profile and decided to simply ask for some supplemental information as opposed to having a whole meeting about the drug's safety. While the molecule did not show much efficacy in previous phase 3 studies, it seems like it actually has good performance against schizophrenia. Given that Karuna just got some great price boost from its phase 2 results, I think the market may react nicely to this potential approval. \n\nFrom an insider perspective, there hasnt been any recent insider selling. There's a director that has bought over 6 million dollars worth of shares recently, and ITCI has been hiring a lot recently. Most of the people that were hired started working at October of 2019, interestingly. All of those who were hired are in the business/sales/growth of the company, showing that the company is anticipating an approval and is trying to set up a platform for growing their product. \n\nThere's quite a lot of short interest on this stock, and I believe that this is due to people thinking that this approval is gonna get disproved much like all the other previous approvals in regards to ITCI's Lumateperone. I have  calls on this, but to cover the premiums on them, I bought some puts on the off chance that the approval doesn't go through. Thus, my worst case scenario is that I won't lose any money, but if the drug does get approved, we might see a huge gain since market reacted quite nicely to Karuna recently. This is my DD on ITCI. Place your bets.", "created_utc": 1574923492, "permalink": "/r/wallstreetbets/comments/e2u5q3/anyone_else_following_itci_my_dd_on_this_stock/", "is_self": true}