{"id": "ecddg3", "title": "Energy Transfer is Tendies", "selftext": "Hi there fellow autists, autist here reporting on a stock that actually is tendies. As in ten (percent) d(ividend) ies. It is of course Energy Transfer ET. Energy Transfer, along with the entire energy sector has fallen to all time lows and many strategists are calling the bottom of this trend. I believe that ET has been unfairly put in this position with the entire sector, as their main source of revenue is midstream natural gas (for which they have the largest network in TX). As a cohort when we look as oil and the energy sector- maybe they deserve to have been beat up over the past few years, I mean once Musk is driving everyone around in his electric blenders there will be a ridiculous amount of stranded oil assets. Natural gas is different, it gives off half of the pollutants that burning oil does and is actually looked upon favorably as a renewable energy source. And TX is just brewing with the stuff. Plus their CEO just bought about over 100mil worth of the stock. Plus there have been three upside ratings over the past year. There seems to be momentum in this uptrend, and if this puppy dips below 12 for some reason it would be time to hop on board, the momentum is palpable. At a PE of like 10 it is undervalued, ET has a fair value estimate of 22 bucks and there have been three consecutive years of growth in operating income, and they have finally gone into the black with their free cash flow. I understand there are other players out there and mistakenly bought up Competitors on the basis that they have stronger ROIC, not the return I would have hoped for by now- gas companies are now so beleaguered they have in many instances taken part in di-worseification. Energy Transfer is not that and wants the spot devoted to \u201cmidstream-turnaround\u201d on your portfolio. \n\n\nTLDR- ET is trading at half of its fair value. There is a 10% dividend. Natural gas and midstream bottom called.", "created_utc": 1576679531, "permalink": "/r/wallstreetbets/comments/ecddg3/energy_transfer_is_tendies/", "is_self": true}