{"id": "efd7jr", "title": "PTON - Self-cannibalizing loser", "selftext": "Net income negative for the last two quarters since this company went public with an ipo. A company that doesn't make any money on their products and services. A company that can't justify the cost, that has to run financing schemes in order to make money to keep them afloat. Their losing money yet their R&amp;D expenses hasn't gone up much, meaning their investing the same amount and still producing the same garbage that isn't winning. Their recent ad having negative public impact on the stock. Though they now have the capital to stay in business for at least 10 more years. Their liabilities doubled while assets tripled. Their showing efficiency. props for that. However, still negative point since they haven't made any real money from their goods and services at all.\n\nI think this health excercise industry is going to self cannibalize itself. Peloton's model seem very simple. Sell Product, attach to it a subscription for a service through hired professionals. They sell a lifestyle. Easily repeatable. I see many gyms in my area that offer just as much the same just to stay competitive locally. But even then, the barrier to entry, my wsb brothers and sisters, I have to confess, I am an average joe. I ain't got much. So I work hard for this cheddar. And I know you all do as well. And you know what it means to throw down the cheddar for a piece of cheese today, when it could've been more cheddar tomorrow. Basically, I wouldn't waste money on a fucking gym when I have the real fucking world. and even when I can do it for free, why would I waste my time outside, trying to have a life, when I can be a WSB degenerate and trade STONKS ALL DAY?\n\nSo... I believe this stock will move up and down like all stocks do. I ain't gonna front, I don't really know where it's going to go. but I do know there's money to be made here. So, I'm calling for all wsb to join me in raiding this stock and this entire industry. Do whatever suits you. There are actual fools that invested in these stocks without actually subscribing to their services. Hypocrisy at its finest. Let's depart them of their cold hard cheddar! TODAY WE EAT WITH CHEESE DIP!", "created_utc": 1577256011, "permalink": "/r/wallstreetbets/comments/efd7jr/pton_selfcannibalizing_loser/", "is_self": true}