{"id": "ehrpwf", "title": "This is a long post", "selftext": "This is about my one year mark.  and I am OUT.  Eventually I will have to approach the market with money in hopes of long term investements- but that's so far away right now.\n\nDoes anyone here watch Schitt's Creek?  I just hear Moira's voice in my head saying \"What you did was impulsive, capricious, and melodramatic.  But it was also wrong.\"\n\nSo after years of building up a perfect credit score and spending many years always being just over broke, I started to understand the importance of trying to find a passive income source.  Since I don't have a family to support and I was lightyears away from being able to afford a down payment and closing costs on a house, what was I going to use my credit for anyways?\n\nI decided to apply for a bunch of personal loans online with hopes of funneling the proceeds into the stock market.  To my sheer and utter awe, I was approved for all of them.  $75,000.  Just plopped into my bank account.  The most that had and ever will be in there.  I almost had a stroke.\n\nI dabbled around (no clue what I was doing at this point, let alone that there was even such a thing as paper trading).  Lost a little bit here and there, flagged my account for PDT (had no idea what that even meant at the time- it didn't matter because I still had most of the money at that point).\n\nThen I found options- and a few systems out there.  Long option strategies.  No undefined risk.  At least I'm not dumb enough to lose infinity dollars, right?  Decided I would do a little bit at a time and follow the system.  It was making a lot of money.  I was back over breakeven and was managing to generate enough to make payments on the loans.  probably went on for about 2-3 months.  I thought this was a goldmine so I immediately started buying more contracts (like way too many).  It instantly turned to disaster.  Dropped down the size, try again.  Small gains, bigger losses.  Options education through the broker, youtube videos galore.  More losses.  Thousands on a technical analysis course.  More losses.  Then the period in the middle of the year that the \"tweets\" really started to move the markets.  Decided maybe being able to hedge news announcements overnight might be the answer.  So I did as I should have in the first place, and paper traded futures for four months before putting money on the line.  I had a 50% win rate and was averaging about $300-500 per day in simulations.  Decided to try that live.  8 day losing streak.  More losses.  Tried a trading combine for futures so what was left of my money wasn't entirely at risk.  Failed that twice.  I used what was left of the money to get my real estate license just in case this trading thing doesn't work out (hint).\n\nI blew up A TOS account, a TT account, 2 Roth IRAs, a Traditional IRA, a 401(k), A Robinhood Account, and an AMP Account.   Total losses about $90k.  There were so many times that I sold something and bought it back because I wasn't sure if I should be holding or stopping out- so I don't even want to know what it's going to do to my taxes (wash rule).\n\nPaper account is doing fantastic.  I am only down 4% YTD.\n\nI am currently driving Uber and paying what I can of my bills until I start to find my way in real estate sales.  I'm also trying to save up $1500 to file for bankruptcy.  As it turns out, sitting on my ass in traffic all day for income is almost as fun and healthy as trading.  At least the passengers are super nice.  But sometimes the passengers are food deliveries.  Those remind me most of my trading days- the glory is like right 3 feet away from you- but in reality it just belongs to someone else.  If I knew that these debts might stand a chance of being discharged, I would have thrown in the towel months ago.  I thought for sure I would be thrown in jail for doing something this stupid so I have been trying to stall.\n\nIt's hard to leave it in the dust.  After a year of watching videos 3 hours a day, Every time I open youtube to watch a cooking video or listen to music, I get ads for all these ridiculous trading courses and strategies.  It's torture.\n\nI don't spend too much time sulking over how much money I could have had if I did things differently.  I spent enough time in the fetal position pondering \"how am I going to get this money back?\"  Losses are losses, I did an exceptionally risky thing and I probably got what was coming to me.\n\nWriting helps.  I'm not so sure why I decided to share.  I guess I am doing this in hopes of reaching other people that are entrepreneurial and self-motivated.  If you saved up some money, and your potential side hustle investment list is down to \"burrito food truck\" and \"stock trading\"- please take a moment to think about all the delicious flavors that you could create.  If you have any expectations at all regarding your trading fate- just drop your drawers, shit in your hands, and clap repeatedly.  Statistically, the mess will be much easier to clean up.  Markets really don't seem to like it when you set expectations.\n\nAll that money went somewhere, so there have to be some people out there that can do it.  Kudos to those of you that can have that level of discipline.  But at the end of the day, taking money from other people that can't manage it properly just doesn't seem like something I want my future to depend on.  Nor do I want to be on the side that keeps giving you people money.  But it was an experience and I definitely have a new respect for people that can do this consistently.", "created_utc": 1577738206, "permalink": "/r/wallstreetbets/comments/ehrpwf/this_is_a_long_post/", "is_self": true}