{"id": "evverk", "title": "Baseball vs. Soccer and Why Economy Will Grow For The Rest of Our Lives", "selftext": "Back in the 20th Century and before, when people used literal typewriters and paper to do things, and a huge part of the world still lived in jungles or whatever, the economy was kind of fixed and predetermined.  If shit started to go downhill and there was a downturn, then yes...bears might have had a point about the economy when it started to downtrend.\n\nHowever that time has passed, comparing now to then is like comparing now to the days of castles and knights or whatever.  Shit just does not work like that anymore, saying that there is going to be a recession is super retarded, it's like saying, \"well the frost came early this year, so people in the kingdom are going to starve.\"  Shit just does not work like that anymore, no one in their right mind ever says shit like that.  However bears say this type of shit all of the time.\n\nWe have this little thing called, \"the internet,\" now which means literally every human problem imaginable will be solved in our lifetime.  Not enough food?  Fucking genetic engineer new corn by uploading data to the cloud and collaborate with a thousand scientists at once.  Small girl gets upset about how now that Sweden is rich and she's happy with her living standard, Africa should stop trying to be rich because it's putting CO2 into the atmosphere?  Fucking throw shit loads of R&amp;D and scientists and algorithms into solar panels and renewable energy and tree planting drones there literally will be no more global warming after 50 years.  Africa will literally be able to be rich and wealthy like Sweden, Sweden will still be happy.\n\nThe problem is, people look at reality like it's Soccer.  Soccer is a Europoor sport, whereas Baseball is an American sport.  In Soccer, you get a countdown timer, there is a lot of scarcity, only a few points will be scored per game, you're always short on time, you're always short on resources and shit.  Baseball however, has absolutely no limit.  Whereas in soccer you've got that 90 minute game, just as recently as last year we had a World Series game where the Max Muncy's walk-off home run gave the Dodgers an 18-inning win in longest World Series game ever.\n\nThat's where the world economy is right now, it's in fucking inning 18, and there will be 100 fucking innings.  Unprecidented shit can and will happen in the world economy because we are no longer using just typewriters and shit, we stopped playing soccer in the 1970s and started playing baseball.\n\nEuropoors try to keep themselves playing soccer, they try to train their populace, make everyone a really top-tier player by giving them, \"Free college.\"  Soccer fans are constantly working super hard, yelling, screaming, rioting, trying to look busy, standing up, \"working hard.\"  Meanwhile, America doesn't give a shit, we understand the fact that in baseball you can have a huge fan base that just wants to sit there and maybe half pay attention, you have a few really dedicated autistic fans who can rattle off every statistic ever, and then about half of the populace in the stands anyway were forced there by someone else.  Admit it - half of you are reading this are literally on Reddit right now while at work.  Your job literally does not matter, just like in baseball - half of the fans give a shit, half does not give a shit about baseball, they just kind of show up.  Most of everyone's job literally does not matter at all, because shit will just get automated, you might as well throw people a few freebie giveaways at the door to a few people, give them some jumbo drinks because they are just along for the ride and no one gives a shit.  Even the players are kind of fat, a lot of them anyway.\n\nIn conclusion, the world Economy is baseball, America is the greatest fucking country on the history of the planet, Europeans are arrogant and think that because they are good at soccer, they will be good at stocks and business, but they are not.  America at its core wants all of the developing countries in the world to step up and play baseball so they can win along with us, so their living standard will improve because they are playing the capitalist program.  Europe just wants everyone to play fucking soccer, regulate the shit out of everyone, keep them poor forever...meanwhile they fucking rig FIFA and tell the rest of the world they are all shit.  I rest my case.", "created_utc": 1580340368, "permalink": "/r/wallstreetbets/comments/evverk/baseball_vs_soccer_and_why_economy_will_grow_for/", "is_self": true}