{"id": "ezmdib", "title": "Virgin Galactic is going to Pop", "selftext": "With this clusterfuck of an impeachment behind us, and the democratic primaries off to an extremely lackluster start, I'm going to go ahead and call Virgin galactic as the next boom, for all kinds of reasons.\n\n1. Even with the surge it recently had through January, its still hilariously undervalued compared to its potential as the sole publicly traded company in a future multitrillion+ dollar industry. Thats a conservative estimate too. Once we start pushing the envelope with exploring and exploiting nearby celestial bodies, the economy and life as we know it is going to hit a singularity similar to the rise of the internet.  Even if Virgin Galactic stayed as nothing more than a space taxi through that boom, its position as an enabler with an established reputation and infrastructure would permit it to easily ride out the inevitable fluctuations when the space equivalent of the .com bubble pops.\n\n2. Trump is pro space. With high odds of getting a second term, Space Force and the space industry as a whole is going to find itself in the limelight more and more, with inevitable bloated contracts being pushed through and money being funneled towards private companies who can get plausible bids through. Virgin Galactic has already established a foothold with NASA and a working relationship with the defense industry in Italy, positioning them to capture some very lucrative R&amp;D funding and a place at the US defense-industrial complex pig trough. \n\n3. Space captures peoples imaginations. Trite but true. They've got a cool ticker and a shortcut to people's sense of imagination. Boomers who were kids when Neil Armstrong hopped off that ladder still have a soft spot in their hearts for that awe they felt. Any who made it big would either buy this stock out of nostalgia, or book a flight to scratch that midlife crisis and think about when they got head in their daddy's car after A New Hope blew their minds.\n\n4. Their success will drive other companies to go public. Everyone at TSLA  and across the world just saw how crazy rich they can get off a meme stock and a dream. You think Daddy Musk is going to let that go to waste with fucking SpaceX? As soon as Branson hits that zero g on his birthday, you can bet Elon is going to be smoking a joint and thinking about taking SpaceX public at 420.69. Next thing you know it'll turn into a meme stock war in the race to 10,000 per share, and speculation will have literally funded 3 lunar bases when Bezos crashes the party late.\n\nGet the fuck into this now, or tell stories to your wife's boyfriend's grandkids about how you could have been a billionaire with a vacation home on the slopes of Olympus Mons if you hadnt been a pussy.", "created_utc": 1580961275, "permalink": "/r/wallstreetbets/comments/ezmdib/virgin_galactic_is_going_to_pop/", "is_self": true}