{"id": "f2tvnr", "title": "70 Trillion+ in derivatives Citibank 2015.", "selftext": "I just want to start of and say that I am not a bear, I am the same autistic tendie voyager like the rest of you guys. However, I recently came across an article from 2015 that shows the amount of total assets and derivatives for the top 25 banks in America. The top three being yea, bla bla bla CITI, JPM, GS. Taking the #1 spot for most derivatives (not even assets) is Citibank (shittybank). They take the cake at about 70 trillion worth of derivatives on their books, while about 1 trillion in assets at that time. (Who knows what they have now). That really got me thinking, I mean they are leveraged out of their fucking ass ... they have half as much assets as JPM but about 5 trillion more in derivatives. I then came across an article from January 2020 stating how Citibank sold about a trillion dollars worth of protection against that 70 trillion to various banks, private equity, and hedge funds. (The type of sleazy shit all these big banks do). What this means tho is that Citi is taking on all of that risk ... why would they do that? I mean in 2015 they only had about 1 trillion in assets and now they are selling 1 trillion worth of protection on 70 trillion in derivatives ... seems really risky, and if CITI ever were to default on that they would be completely fucked. However this got me thinking and legit these banks are EVEN WAY TOO BIGGER TO FAIL NOW. If Citibank were to default .... 70 trillion up in smoke and they would be in their knees blowing Powell for a quick bailout. Essentially they sold that protection I believe because they don\u2019t think they will ever default and that the fed will just print into oblivion and provide them with adapt liquidity to keep their operations running. \n\nSo fire up those engines boys, the bull has not given up and it\u2019s gonna keep on charging because guess what, we are once again too big to fail and if it does happen, it would be like fucking Armageddon. Bears can keep taking jabs and loosing their shirt, but in the end the bull will keep on charging. Don\u2019t sell your Microsoft calls ... buy more because irrational exuberance is no longer a thing, it\u2019s just called the stonk market. TENDIES FOREVER!!!", "created_utc": 1581525373, "permalink": "/r/wallstreetbets/comments/f2tvnr/70_trillion_in_derivatives_citibank_2015/", "is_self": true}