{"id": "f3lofs", "title": "No allowance for the 12 year old", "selftext": "Some buttpumping mod over at personalfinance (it was on all, no worries I wouldnt touch that thread if the choice was spend 20 minutes there or buy Sears otm dailys, that thread is cancerous) locked the thread about how much allowance he should give his 12 year old stepson so I figured I'd give him some real advice. First off, if you pay your kid to do chores hell never take out the trash for free again. Secondly, if you give him money for free hell end up buying bingo cards instead of FD's or save up for a laptop and have a boring as job as some pasty IT nerd.\n\nWhen I was 12, i was cruising on my 10 speed hucking newspapers to make my first $2k. Put it in the stock market my grandmother said. Fine, I put it in starbucks. The current value would be $20k today. I blame the weak the vaccines back then, the stuff the kids are shooting up these days is 5x more potent. As it is, I sold when I had only doubled my money. It was a great feeling, I like finance. I started watching MadMoney, and i felt the voices in my head getting stronger. I read a book called the bible, specifically Luke 19:11-27 (look it up heathens) and it said I was supposed to use my money to make 10x more money, not double it. So WFT it was, at the price of $20 a share. Had the devil not invented fracking a couple months later to spurn me I would be taking my modest, 3 motored boat out of the underbelly of my yacht to ride to the dock in Bali to ferry the strippers and coke dealer back for the party.   But now I'm stuck working full time as a pusher for disabled porn (my true passion is my side gig as a sucker for brazilian fart porn). Had I been given an allowance though, the voices in my head tell me I would have ended up with mild retardation instead of strong form autism. Allowances are weak, make him scoop the neighbors dog poo so he can have some pride and a sense of accomplishment in the brief moment that he makes money, before the devil takes it away again", "created_utc": 1581648744, "permalink": "/r/wallstreetbets/comments/f3lofs/no_allowance_for_the_12_year_old/", "is_self": true}