{"id": "f5dlhe", "title": "Chegg monthlies", "selftext": "I barely see this company talked about here, and asuming a good chunk of wsb is college studengs idk why. They recently reported earnings, close to 30% revenue, earning and subscriber growth, plus raised forward guidance and yet the stock is trading 10% lower then before earnings. Now that IV crush is out of the way and the irrational earnings move is through, i dont see why calls a few months out shouldnt print. Heavily shorted too for god knows what reason when they have a healthy balance sheet, no advertising costs and insane consistent growth. Theyve beat the last 3 earnings ive followed, and im sure more before then, and raised guidance the last 2 times. Its been trading more or less flat for the last year as theyve been growing meaning the valuation has gotten a lot cheaper for all of the 3 people on wsb that care about valuations. They have a 86% of revenues coming from services which they make 80% gross margins on and a 70%+ gross margin overall even counting the physical textbook business which is also going more online too so margins should be getting better there as well. With record number of students in college wasting their money on english degrees, and a low monthly payment of 15 bucks a month. I dont see any student cancelling their subscription they probably dont pay for when it helps degrees which can run for hundreds of thousands of dollars. They also deliver you textbooks for cheaper and give you access online to a lot of them which should actually save most students money. They havent even tried expanding internationally past some English speaking countries (Canada, england and australia). Relatively small market cap of under 5b so wsb could actually have an underlying impact if we get it trending. Discloser i own shares, have gotten calls in the past and will likely buy some calls this week. 4/17 or 7/17 $45 is what im looking at. IV is pretty reasonable with RH saying its mod 30s.", "created_utc": 1581965843, "permalink": "/r/wallstreetbets/comments/f5dlhe/chegg_monthlies/", "is_self": true}