{"id": "f86yl5", "title": "Corona virus economic effects(recession)", "selftext": "Now before y\u2019all call me a bear i know. This post will be about the beer virus and the economic impacts of it written by some who has no idea what they are talking about and who will not cite anything( I\u2019m just writing shit from the top of my head). \nFirst off the Corona Virus and what it\u2019s is. The beer virus is similar to the flu or pneumonia and develops mild symptoms in most people. Most people who have it will likely not even know unless they get tested. The virus is also probably present in every country on the planet and spreading undetected in some form. There is a limit on the amount of test that can be produced and used so only so many people can be tested every day. As well as the gets having a 30% failure rate and sometimes it takes 4 test to be positive, and people with symptoms can still test negative. On another note the virus can be spread on average for 7-14 days before symptoms develop if they do. The amount of infection doubles every day. It is already a global pandemic at this point with most country\u2019s being in the same position as Wuhan was 1 month ago, and many countries are unable to or unwilling to accurately report their infections. The virus on current statistics has about a 25% severe case rate that involve hospitalization and a 2% mortality rate but that is assuming all cases are found. These numbers are probably 2-3x higher than what they actually are. So I\u2019m assuming an accurate severe case rate is around 10% and mortality around 1%. The thing is though the mortality rate is with hospitalization and there will be a breaking point where more people will be affected than can receive medical attention. This will be due to a limit on doctors/staff, supplies, or beds/space. When this happens the mortality rate may jump to as much 3-5% possibly for the people unfortunate enough to be denied hospitalization. There will also be many more that die indirectly to hospitals being overfilled and supplies used people such as cancer patients and car accident victims, as well as people that got hurt doing dumb shit, or suffering from other diseases may die. In the people that aren\u2019t severe form the virus most will not be able to work/ will be in self quarantine to prevent the spread of the virus. The virus may take up to a month to run its course and there is the possibility reinfection may be possible with the virus. The virus is possibly one of the worst possible combination of symptoms because the mortality rate is low enough that it will not kill itself out. It is also extremely infectious. The points to the possibility of it being a Chinese bio weapon that was accidentally released. If you wish you can look more into that.\n\nWhat that means for countries and their economies.lets start with China the heart of the outbreak. Much of the Chinese work force is quarantined in some fashion as of now equal to 10% of the worlds population. Many people will not be able to go work for many different reasons and those people will still have expenses to pay. As well as factory\u2019s that gave loans and debt to pay, but can not produce anything and will possibly have to close. There are also instances of farms being unable to harvest all of their crops and them having to leave it out in the field to rot, due to a lack of people working. This may be to minor to have an affect or the lack of harvest could cause minor famines across the country. The banks of China are also extremely fragile and this may push some of them past the breaking point. 85% of Chinese banks will not be able to loan out money for more than 3 months with out receiving significant portions of their current loaned money back. As well as this due to the economic instability many people will cut down on non mandatory expenditures like the new iPhone or new clothes. This will affect markets across the globe as the Chinese are a massive global market for goods. The Chinese have also pumped their markets almost as much as possible and when they stop they will come crashing down very quickly. You can see the extent of their economic trouble due to them cutting American tariffs in half to encourage trade. This trade war between America and China was undone very quickly when the Chinese leader realized he had to keep trade open with the world. So far though Chinese exports to America and Europe have already been reduced by a half, and imports have been reduced 20% this shows an extremely delicate and fragile situation for China\u2019s economy to be in. \nHow will this affect the United States? Right now the United States in the surface has been affected very little, but many smaller businesses that rely on Chinese factory\u2019s to manufacture their goods may be for to close or temporarily shut down due to a lack of supplies and money to keep things running. This will result in possibly companies closing down and many people being unemployed. Larger companies will be able to survive this, but their supplies will quickly run out and they will be unable to sell anything or a reduced amount until the factories in China start working again. Most companies even if they don\u2019t have factories in China they are in Southeast Asia which will also be greatly affected. The corona virus will be all over America soon due to the possibility of catching every case being impossible, and the fact that bureaucratic employees going against Trump and the CDC to bring infected people back to America instead of quarantining them over seas. Cases will see a massive spike when they begin testing for it if you haven\u2019t been to China or been in contact with a confirmed case, but if you have pneumonia/ flu like symptoms. Also most Americans will not take this seriously until it affects their communities. Also the news has been lacking of reporting it but, once they due I could see a pull back then retail investors who have never seen one before and are used to the longest bull market in American history panic sell everything and cause a flash crash. This will leave many boomers who are invested in the stock market with 25% retirement savings gone and they will be in a bad financial situation I\u2019m not sure if the implications yet.\nGlobally with the Americans market pulling back and China\u2019s possibly collapsing the entire world will fill the impact. Many island nations that will rely on tourism will see a lack of tourist and jobs which will cause turmoil on many Caribbean island and places reliant on tourism. Many of the poorer countries around the globe like the sub Saharan African countries will see a fat higher fatality rate to the virus due to a lack of medical supplies and will probably be devastated by it. \n\nTLDR: I\u2019m a bear and fear a global recession due to the corona virus before July, also I have no idea what I\u2019m talking about and if you want to believe but if wrong tell me why", "created_utc": 1582447340, "permalink": "/r/wallstreetbets/comments/f86yl5/corona_virus_economic_effectsrecession/", "is_self": true}