{"id": "f8m77w", "title": "An autistic love story", "selftext": "Just another autistic love story:\nI started talking to this fat assed giraffe girl from POF in late December. She is good looking if unsuccessful. Perfect for my needs. I live in the middle of nineteen different mountain ranges (even though this sounds like I am exaggerating, I'm not) so she lives about 3 hours away. Anyway we get to talking.. things go nice nice and she is going to come over for 4 days through New Years.. she gets time off from her fantastic job, etc. She starts telling me what she is going to do to me on the phone, blow me awake, give me multiple massages, cook for me, pin me to walls, make me fuck her.. but.. but, she says, none of this will happen the first time I see her of course not, cause she is no ho. I would never never think that anyway.. a few days of this beautiful conversation goes on after we set up our New Years clothes on extravaganza and then in a couple of my texts I use exclamation points!\nWell god fucking Lord Jesus, Allah, El, Tzevaot forbid I scream at this witch. She goes off on this and I'm like what? Chill bitch chill (maybe I didn't say bitch at this point, maybe). So fuck this common bipolar ostrich .. I block her moments later. Then hours pass and my dick is getting even more lonely than he already was. HE starts bitching at me because both he and I are certainly guaranteed 6 foot 28 year old pussy in 4 days.. he threatens to vacate the premises if I do not fix the situation. I agree and call her up.. 'Hi Lauren'(real name).. 'Hi Michael'(not my real name).. 'Did you calm down?'.. 'No'.. 'I used an exclamation mark'.. 'Yeah. I don't like being yelled at'.. 'I don't think that is yelling but okay'.. 'It is yelling!'.. 'That is how I text'.. 'I don't like it'.. 'I guess there is a divide here'.. 'What??! what do you mean? What is a divide!?!?! I won't be yelled at through text!!'.. she is really screaming now and I just click.\nSo blocked.. conversation deleted, records deleted so my small member cannot force another conversation with the camel savant and then last Monday happens.\nI drove three hours north to this same city.. a city where humans live for a day of training at work. My wonderful company put me up at the Holiday Inn Express the night before. I walk in to check in -sweated out as I just climbed a mountain on the way there.. there is a famous one there I hadn't yet done and I'm retarded so I did it on an iced up cold day- up to the desk and the clerk girl asks me for my ID.. I hand it over and start looking at her.. her face.. those glasses, she looks really REALLY familiar (I either know her or I am desperate for a line here).. I am about to say something when the manager slides in next to her as she girl is having problems since it is a corporate res. She takes over and the girl continues looking at me as the short exchange with the manager happens. I go to my truck, get my bags, go up to the room.. come back down after mindlessly watching TV. Say hi to the manager as I go out and who cares what happens next.\nThat night though I think.. 'was that her?'.. 'No she was too short plus the odds are stupid'.. a couple days later when I am home I think 'was that her? I think that might be her'.. 'No, she was too short'.. then Friday night and yesterday I start thinking 'It was her, are you really checking out her height at the counter?'.. (she is supposedly 5'11) So now I am 95 percent it is she and I am going back there tomorrow night and I'll be staying through Friday. I wonder what will happen. I also wonder what will happen as I am going to try to snatch some pussy off one of the women I am in training with.\n..her nametag said Lauren.", "created_utc": 1582520464, "permalink": "/r/wallstreetbets/comments/f8m77w/an_autistic_love_story/", "is_self": true}