{"id": "fb8l6c", "title": "Stop calling your brokers", "selftext": "All you shitposters and gay bears, put down the phone and get back to your girlfriends strapon.  We don't want to hear you blame us for your boomer ass loss posts.   Besides, your probably a shit parent based on the way your blaming me for your shitty pot stock loss.  Like Imma give a buy/sell reco on TLRY for no cash up front which would have been to sell, btw.\n\nGirl calls me up trying to draw an Simple Moving Average in our trading platform.  45 minutes in still can't do it.  So I says, 'GIRL, if you can't do this, You shouldn't be trading'  And I go into my 'don't be trading' spell.  Half way into my 90 second thing she starts crying like a little girl and says 'you mean I'm never making my families money back'.  I seys to myself 'SELF, what is this crazy bitch talking about?'  I Look into the 'relationship' I find like 10 accounts.  Half are joint accounts with people other than her spouse.  Sure as shit, 800k in losses inside of 9 months (70% of net assets).  VIX trades on uvxy.  She just kept doubling down like it was a stock or something.  The firm I was working for did an amazing job trying to get her to stop.  I didn't know where I should shit.  Feel bad for the girl, or be proud of the firm.  Moral of the story?  She was a economics professor at an ivy league school which would have never accepted me as a student (I totally get it).  Little rough around the edges.  Yet still miffed about having to waste an hour of my life.  Note, the firm is still largest in the world by AUM.  We had some glitzy clients.\n\nPoint is, in the modern world, its man against probability.  Get rich or die trying.  And that's not fucking around when insulin cost 700 a month.  Probability favors dying by about 9 to 1 realistically.  Probability don't care where you teach.  Also, your broker doesn't care.   Eat or be eaten.  Welcome to real world of risk.  Take that to your little prestigious university and teach it.  You just burned about 3ish american homes for nothing.  I hate to revel in the little bursting of your privileged bubble, but I'm gonna anywayz and nom some tendies.  'Tendies' is a professional term used by market participants who use their own personal money like the roman soldier used his gladius.  Never will the academic relish in the joy of watching the life bleed out of an unnamed adversary, nor will they wallow in the slough of despond when losses occur.  Well she did.\n\nI guess what I'm trying to say is.  If you call your broker, be gentle.  I know you're so so mad about those AMZN calls you sold, but hey 'hate the game not the player'.  Am I right?  If I take another client call in this decline, Imma fling my self into a vat tendies and hookers funded by that little slice I took out of your 401k.  \n\nCame by this spot after the Bloomberg thing and consider it my new home.  Address change?  I'm your guy.  Cry to me about the losses you incurred cause you bought stocks when the buffet indicator was at at an all time, multi century high go hang out with the bear squad and stop filling my ques. There is no finra complaint that will cure your mindless optimism. We all want to be rich.  Some of us are just born rich.  Fewer of us, carve it out of the dead carcass of probability.  Tip of the hat gain posters, you little gladius yielders, you!", "created_utc": 1582957730, "permalink": "/r/wallstreetbets/comments/fb8l6c/stop_calling_your_brokers/", "is_self": true}