{"id": "fetqwu", "title": "Keeping things in Perspective", "selftext": "A lot of you here are having a great time making tendies in this volatile market.  However, some of you also are very concerned about a serious recession.  To put your mind at ease, let me explain to you that the previous recession was due to big banks giving loans to whoever wanted them.  Anyone you say? Yes anyone.  Yes in this day getting a loan is not easy unless you have years of good credit history and a good income to back that up, but back then banks didn't verify income nor credit scores.  People who were from other countries without jobs were getting loans from the banks. People who were minimum wage workers were owning multiple homes with loans!    \n\nAll mortgages were combined into bonds called MSBs that were sold to people who thought the housing market was the safest investment and that it couldn't go tits up.  Banks made billions from these and many of these mortgages were given AA status by the S&P.  The problem was the increasing amount of bad loans that were in these bonds.  Even in AA MSBs they were linked to plenty of loans that would be defaulted on and don't even get me started about CDOs which were basically all the worst mortgages, subprime lending, thrown together into a bond. \n\nAnyways you can see that this system couldn't last forever.  Eventually something would give.  Eventually, when the housing prices collapsed due to being incredibly inflated and interest rates continued to rise, more and more mortgages were delinquent and there were more and more forclosures.  The banks realized that the bonds they were selling were worthless so they started to get credit default swaps which basically bet on the bonds being worthless and when the house of cards came crashing down.  \n\nHowever it was too little too late and some of the biggest banks in the world like Lehman Brothers and Bear Stearns were put out of business because all the money they owed on the bonds couldn't be paid as the bonds were worthless.   The government bailed many banks out using tax payer money, but the economy took a huge hit.  Poor economic data started pouring in and the stock market crashed.  This led to the great recession, which was bad, but we recovered from it.  \n\nLooking back at it it's amazing how quickly our economy recovered, although it took a few years, given the levels of corruption, greed and nothingness that were propping it up.  Like it was really bad.  Now fast forward to today, and our economy is in a very good place.  We have strong economic data and we are no longer built on a house of cards so to speak.  Loans are no longer given to anyone with a pulse and despite people saying the stock market is in a bubble, it is nothing compared to 2007.  \n\nSo for all of you worried about this coronavirus causing a massive recession, think again.  Is a couple quarters of a slowed down supply chain really going to have a worse impact than having your whole economy propped up on subprime mortgages?  Let's be real here.  Don't worry about the coronavirus causing a big recession.  You can make your tendies without feeling that you are profiting on the demise of the United States. That simply isn't happening right now.  Maybe in the future, but definitely not now.", "created_utc": 1583579048.0, "permalink": "/r/wallstreetbets/comments/fetqwu/keeping_things_in_perspective/", "is_self": true}