{"id": "fhw32j", "title": "What is next to come?", "selftext": "Well we can't predict the future they said, let's try anyways.\n\nCurrently the situation is pretty bad for economy. But this is based pure speculation.\n\nThe percent of people that have the coronavirus is beyond low in Canada and Mexico even though the U.S. has seen an explosion in the number of people that have it. Logically speaking. There should be more. Travel from other North American countries make up 54% of the travelers to the U.S.. Meaning likely it is only a matter of time before Canada and Mexico realize the virus they have on them. If like Iran they really check into the numbers of people who get it, \n\nEven though people are talking about how much money the airlines and cruise ships lose to Asia and Europe being shut off, they'd almost worthless if they couldn't do anything in North America. Now all Cruise lines have already done this. But airlines haven't. And the probability of the U.S. closing off the rest of North America seems farfetched at first. But hear me out, see Trump ran on stopping people from Mexico from coming into the U.S. most overstaying immigrants use planes. He could 'fulfill' his campaign promise by stopping travel between the borders. Or it could be like India where people will likely never be tested until the entire virus has spread through the entire country so that numbers are low.\n\nMexico is 60th out of 191 for their health system. Meaning they're decently developed to the point where they should be testing a LOT more people. Could we see a restriction between the U.S. and the rest of North America? Well it would likely hurt Trump in the end as it would undoubtedly \"crash\" the market as that's far riskier than banning travel from Europe and Asia. But this President thinks that the faster he gets a 'cure' the better we'll rebound because of his 'little' chat with wall street execs. So he will more than likely stop travel from America and the North America because no one thought he'd stop travel from Europe, but he did.\n\nNext would be the coronavirus and if it killed the president. idk even if he did get it, all likelihood they'd keep it secret. But because of his poor diet, and lifestyle, he could potentially kick the bucket if infected. And because of that, we could see a farther drop. It seems like prominent people being affected has little to no effect on the market though. I mean like people from Tom Hanks to Justin Treadue's wife(meaning he likely got it assuming they have a 'holy' relationship). I mean logically speaking, unless it's who's has 'extreme' power over markets like Trump, or Powell we'll be see no change in the market.\n\nNext is speculative quarantine, other people in this subreddit have cited the possibility of cutting off states and counties that have major virus problems. But, this will likely not be done by the president. But rather by governors. Trump wants people to still go to his golf courses and because their located in the most populated states in the country. He won't be cutting them off. He didn't do that for European countries that have his properties and because of that he'd be unlikely to do it to California, New York, Florida, New Jersey, D.C., Pennsylvania, and North Carolina. Notice that these are the states that are seeing the largest growth with virus at the time. It might get worse because of that and even so he won't do anything. Next is governors closing off parts of the state. In my opinion is unlikely as they seem content with just listening to the government. So in my opinion no forced quarantines in the U.S. but rather DIY quarantines that the government is pushing.\n\nSchools are closing already and there's nothing the president can do to really help or stop the process. Once all the top schools were switching online, the rest are gonna follow so they can stop from paying a bunch on health insurance.\n\nNext is to consider just how much tourism Disney creates. I am not alone in saying that the mouse has captured the hearts of many 'fools' into believing they have the happiest place in the earth. And you likely know people that have passes to Disneyland, people who want to go to all the Disneyland's/worlds. People fly to Florida and California just for Disneyland. It is possible that the underlying problems with Disneyland closing could have a bigger impact than people realize. \n\nWill cases spike? Not if the government keeps quiet. The only reason number are so low is because of how inefficient the U.S. health system is. Italy is 2nd the world for their health service which is why they are likely able to test so swiftly and efficiently. I'm not saying there's a cover-up but..  it's pretty bad right now. People in the U.S. don't like paying medical fees so they skip seeking medical health which is why cases could spike but it could also just contain the 'number'. Which do I believe is more likely? The later. We could also that unconfirmed cases may be exponential but we'll probably never know about it until after they're dead.\n\nThe oil price war can't really get much worse, the only thing I can think of is Russia moving to lower prices even further because they can just use natural gas. But because of U.S. embargo's, it won't be really effective as they'll be just selling to China, India, and such. But even if they did that. Russia can survive the price war because they don't really care, as they're more focused on building up their sales of natural gas. So because of that I see the oil war being the same until either the U.S. attempts to leverage something on the Saudi's to force them to the negotiation table or that they'll willingly go themselves.\n\nWill this scare the consumer, all things say yes. Which is why we're at where we are right now. The stock market has been pushed up based on the promise of a trade war ending and what a stock's future price will be. Even though we're officially in a bear market. I would really call it that. We're here because we're reaccessing the future of industries and how they're gonna survive in Coronavirus world. The fact is the market was propped up to fast and too much even though we had trade wars and crap to deal with. People were paying 3 weeks back for a stock's value after his temper tantrum turned war was to end. The market was propped too high and we're about to feel consequences. As short as it likely will be.\n\nThe human mind forgets easily. Ebola only lived in our hearts because of the memes it created. Likely the coronavirus will do the same. Once it becomes a full on meme, people will go shopping again. So the best way to see whether or not the market is about to return is what kind of Coronavirus memes Reddit is making(totally logically)\n\nTLDR- buy more airline puts and wait for Mexico cases to blow up for Trump to put travel restrictions on Mexico. More puts on DIS too, and we're in a correction sort of cause the market was way overvalued anyways", "created_utc": 1584085823.0, "permalink": "/r/wallstreetbets/comments/fhw32j/what_is_next_to_come/", "is_self": true}