{"id": "fhzr9t", "title": "Petrodollar and you: a simple analogy", "selftext": "Ladies and gentlemen, we are about to see some fuckery on a worldwide scale. Now, don't know what kind of fuckery this will be, but I know what it'll involve: the dollar.\n\n&#x200B;\n\nThe dollar used to be backed by gold. Then reagan said no. And so the dollar became \"backed\" by black gold instead (oil). Now tell me, what just happened with oil? Or more specifically, OPEC? That's right, mommy and daddy (russia and arab oil producers) had a fight, and now little billy (US oil) is getting fucked by the family dog (falling prices of oil). And mommy and daddy didn't get a prenup, so the family (OPEC) is probably gonna get split up in a bunch of different directions. What does that mean for little billy? Nothing good. Do you know why? No, you don't, because you're here reading my really shitty analogy for the future of the petro-dollar. And you're gonna sit here and keep reading it because god knows you have nothing better to do. My foreskin is red. I feel comfortable writing this here because I know nobody ever actually reads these, everyone just skips to the strikes and dates at the bottom.\n\nAnyway, Little billy is actually a 30 year old obese neckbeard whose sole hobby is walking around the neighborhood with a big stick and smashing any snow forts the kids make (I think you guys can figure this analogy out yourselves). And guess what, the only way he was ever able to buy anything cool for himself was through goodboy points (the dollar) (I'll now refer to goodboypoints as just GBP). These points have some inherent value, because this 30 year old obese neckbeard also has jewish lineage, and somehow managed to meme his entire neighborhood so hard that they actually think these points have value. However, much of their power came from the fact that at any time anyone could walk up to his parents and ask for some tendies (oil) in exchange for the GBP. These tendies could be traded, eaten, and even given back to the parents for some GBP later on if the need came up. Now that mommy and daddy are splitting up, one critical thing has changed. The tendy:GBP ratio is thrown all out of wack. Mommy and daddy hate each other so much that they're literally trying to bankrupt the other out of existence by selling tendies at huge GBP discounts (note: this isn't actually what's happening but it's close enough). Not only that, but if they actually divorce, they may stop selling tendies for GBP. They might just use their own currencies instead! Hory shit! This is so bad for little billy! Sure, the neighborhood is still a lil retarded, and GBP have become so ingrained that they're here to stay, but their value relative to other currencies has HUGE potential to drop significantly. \n\nLittle Billy sees the writing on the wall, but what does this mean for him? Actually, it's probably the best thing that could have happened to little billy. See, little billy's spending habits are actually complete shit, so he's SUPER in debt. If the value of GBP falls, his debts aren't worth as much anymore. This would be all fine and dandy, except for one thing.\n\nSee, Little Billy is kinda a weeb. And so over his 30 years he's developed relationships with a bunch of asian females (banks). Little billy is a cucked simp, and allows them to walk all over him. Tales of cuckholdery spread, and soon every single asian female in the land walks all over him on a daily basis. Little billys harem of sadistic asian females (wallstreet) regularly fucks him over financially because he literally is too much of a bitch to tell them to stop doing stupid shit with his GBP. And guess what this harem was doing right before mommy and daddy split up? They were generating as big of a fucky wucky as they possibly could. Not only that, but one of them got sick with herpes, and has successfully spread it all over the fucking tri-state area. \n\nUsually, when Little billy has to deal with a fucky wucky that his harem made, he gets a boner. This time, he's scared. He's throwing money (Fed 1.5t) like an ape throws shit. And nobody fucking wants it because what are GBP gonna do against herpes? \n\nI'll go into normal speak from here on out because I really gotta drive this point home. The US dollar is in for a MASSIVE weakening. It soon may no longer be backed directly by oil, and if the US/world economy really shits the bucket then it may loose even more power. Nobody knows what's gonna happen. I know this is something that's been said so many times but if the virus is even as half as bad as some people say then these next few years are gonna be very interesting. I don't know enough about anything to make any further analysis, but here's what I think I can say for sure:\n\n&#x200B;\n\nTL;DR US dollar value may go for downies. Find your own fucking ticker. Strike, think sept-dec.", "created_utc": 1584106634.0, "permalink": "/r/wallstreetbets/comments/fhzr9t/petrodollar_and_you_a_simple_analogy/", "is_self": true}