{"id": "fiwp3e", "title": "My DD about the next few weeks", "selftext": "You guys need to know how bad we are totally and utterly fucked.\n\nFirst off, I'm not a fearmonger, I simply gather information from respected and highly educated people and relay the information. I'm obsessed with epidemiology and disasters. I do have a college degree although I cant spell shit. This is my DD on our current situation.\n\nThe only way to slow this virus is exactly what china did. They were able to break the chain of contagion. They had a mandatory quarantine, everything shutdown completely. When someone got sick they didnt send them to their local dr. to infect others they went to a specialized place for screening separate from the public. There they would test them and have results within hours not days. If they were positive they went to a holding facility where they were monitored and road out the virus. They weren't concentraion camps they were places where they could stay and be monitored and most importantly be prevented from infecting others. Most cases were mild and didnt require special care. If they did get worse only then were they were taken to the hospital. Only after the were recovered did they go back go their families. If this seems extreme its because it is. Extreme diseases require extreme measures. Even as well as they did to contain this, it's still a major problem as most of their popularity is still at risk. Another outbreak could happen. They might not be back to normal for a year or more.\n\nEarly Febuary, the US should have been building containment facilities, hospitals, working out policy, procedures and training people. They should have prepared for this. The ignorance and lack of leadership from the executive branch is astonishing and unforgivable. What we have here is a complete fucking shitshow. No preperation, no policy. No equipment, No fucking clue what they are doing. \n\nPeople who get sick here aren't being identified, tested and treated properly. Health workers dont have supplies, equipment and PPE that they need. Patients are being sent home to quarantine with their families if their condition is mild. There they will infect everyone they come into contact with and anyone who enters their house. A lot of people will need critical care and, overload our healthcare system, this could push the mortality rate even higher. We are going to have a full on disaster in this country like never seen before. You may have a spouse, child or parent die in your house and there will be no one to take the body. Our Healthcare system will be completely and utterly paralyzed. Your going to call 911 and no one will answer. Stores looted. Your house could burn down and the neighbors will watch. We could be digging mass graves in a mater of weeks. \n\nIf this seems frightening its because it is. We going to be on our own with minimal support from our government and hospitals because they didnt take this fucking shit seriously and instead made jokes about it on twitter. Unless extreme action is done now 50-70% of the population will be infected, millions will die. Be prepared to be on your own for quite some time once shit hits the fan. \n\nSo there it is, this is what's going to happen if trump and his cronies keep talking and don't do anything. If next week goes by and we don't see any preparations, just talks about the market and how few people died, then prepare for the worst. \n\nThe economic disaster is more uncertain. Without major support small and medium business with no revenue for months could go bankrupt, defaulting on thier credit lines, banks will fail, millions unemployed. People will run out of money quickly and overcharge their credit cards, take out all of their 401k. Mass panic and hysterics will be rampant. The US may default on thier debt, the worlds economy could fail. It may be years before we recover. This isnt a disaster movie this is a real possibility if the feds dont take the right action to prevent this catastrophic failure. I dont know about you but I'm not feeling to confident in our leaders and am slightly bearish.\n\nGood luck to you all. \n\nTldr: we fucked spy 220 4/16", "created_utc": 1584251028.0, "permalink": "/r/wallstreetbets/comments/fiwp3e/my_dd_about_the_next_few_weeks/", "is_self": true}