{"id": "fy86p9", "title": "Some thoughts on corporate responsibility isn't dead and how the future of economics and innovation isn't doom and gloom", "selftext": "In the recent top post, a lot of discussion was thrown around about how companies don't have to act responsibly, and how the fed will just bail them out if they fail. While on the surface this is accurate, it needs to be taken in context.\n\nFor now, I'm going to focus on Boeing because that was a commonly brought up example. Yes, Boeing is to big to fail. Yes, they had a toxic and shitty corporate culture. But this all came out in the last 1-2 years. If the current situation didn't happen, we would be left in a year or 2 with a restructured Boeing under their new CEO, and trying to innovate as much as possible to regain their lead in the commercial aircraft sector from Airbus, something that is a decade out. To do this they would have needed to developed a new jet in an accelerated time frame, but one where the MAX incident is still fresh on their minds. New regulations from the FAA would also be in effect. The company would be in a spot where it wouldn't be failing, but would have to adapt to survive.\n\nUnfortunately, because of the virus, the fed basically set up a money printer in there back office. By the time anyone is ordering new airliners, the MAX will be flying and the 777x will be in full swing, and the government will have to bail out Boeing due to national security (not so much on there defense contractor side, but more for it would be bad for a foreign agent to control the worlds jetliner production). The lead and reputation boost airbus gained will be irrelevant in a couple years once the airline industry recovers and starts buying new planes in quantities that matter again.\n\nFocusing on airlines a little, a normal recession wouldn't cause airlines to fail, or need a bailout. In a normal recession, airlines would need to cut back overtime, but they would still be able to operate and make maybe not a large profit, but enough to sustain themselves. one or 2 might go under, but airlines failing aren't the end of the economy and modern financial system like failing banks.\n\nThis ties in the the rest of the companies who bought back stock on debt in the good years. While some may have struggled during a recession and gone under, there wouldn't have been many bailouts, and they still would have been able to operate and prepared for the decline in volume, not a stoppage of most sales. These bailouts would have been akin to the auto industry where the gov. would take a stake in the company, something investors and the company do not want, as seen in the markets reaction to Boeing with the idea of government taking an equity stake.\n\nAnd it is shown that the government does learn. We are a capitalist economy. People do what they want to make money, and if it is detrimental to the economy/population, rules are put in place to fix it. Banks were regulated, monopolies outlawed, fraud cracked down on. Odds are we wont see anything come out of this recession because no company did anything wrong to put themselves into this situation. What caused the domino effect can't be regulated because it is something out of human control.\n\nUnfortunately the real recession of a corporate debt bubble and overvaluation is now delayed a couple years. Once that hits, you will see more regulation on credit lines and leverage for large companies, as well as venture capitalist and IPO valuations that shit out companies like gopro and we work.\n\nThank you for reading", "created_utc": 1586492389.0, "permalink": "/r/wallstreetbets/comments/fy86p9/some_thoughts_on_corporate_responsibility_isnt/", "is_self": true}