{"id": "g0ek9f", "title": "My US Economic Predictions", "selftext": "Let me just explain the fuckery that is going to happen in the future thinking about this big picture here: \n\nWhat is the FED doing by buying all of these junk bonds, CLO\u2019s, MBS\u2019s and other assets? QE or quantitative easing. It is when the central bank (the FED) buys all these financial assets in order to directly add money into the economy (there is no actual money printer this is \u201cthe money printer\u201d everyone speaks about). It gets these assets from member banks (places such as JPM, Wells Fargo, Bank of America, so on). One of the main problems that is occurring with coronavirus in America is liquidity problems with the banks. When the FED purchases these assets from the member banks it is essentially directly increasing the liquidity in the markets buy buying the debt off the member banks and in turn giving them credit that they can then lend out, which we are seeing with all of these small business loans and other loan options we are hearing about in the news coming out daily to help. The massive problem that I am seeing (and I am high so this might be either really really wrong or stupid) is that the most common cause of bank failure occurs when the value of the bank's assets fall below the market value of the bank's liabilities. The FED is essentially freeing up all of this credit for its member banks to give out to small businesses to help them stay afloat in these times right? Well these are very high-risk loans at the moment due to the current \"freeze\" state that the economy is in. We do not know how long coronavirus is going to be affecting the US and I am sure that until a treatment or vaccine is found, we are going to stay on lockdown. And the thing is, this is just not the US here, it is worldwide, leading to negative demand shocks across the world. So, how is this going to lead to an economic meltdown in the US you might be asking? Well: member banks are giving out more, riskier loans to small/medium businesses in the US that have no cash flow due to lockdowns. The longer we stay on lockdown, the more and more into debt these small businesses get and more and more start going under. Yes, the loans are marketed as \"free\" or that \"you don't have to pay it back\" but in reality, nobody is reading the fine print that says they will have interest rates on the loans and 12% is the starting rate for most of them. Okay, so the member banks have now given out hundreds of billions in loans to small businesses that have 1. little to no income and 2. are most likely going to go under. What does this then cause? LOAN DEFAULTS. Business A took out a $500,000 loan and then went under due to lockdown not being lifted for another 2 months or its revenue is not enough to keep it afloat still. Well guess what? Let's say this begins to happen all across the US at around the same time. This creates a huge issue with the banks because of the asset-liability time mismatch. A bank's liabilities can be withdrawn in the short term while its assets are repaid in the long term. Boom, banks start failing, and what is the FED going to do? The FED is already holding 6 trillion in debt the banks had. They still have to pay that debt back so essentially their hands are tied. And then let's not forget that the FED also bought junk bonds and a bunch of other crap. The default rate on that stuff is not that high but if the banks begin to fail so does a lot of the stuff they are holding = even greater economic losses. Essentially what I am trying to say is that if the economy does not open soon, and the number of corona cases keeps increasing and we are stuck on lockdown. I believe we are fucked. Congrats if you read all of this, it all sounded good and correct in my head but who knows I am also autistic and I am probably missing some big piece.\n\nPositions: \n\nSPY 5/13 $250 P\n\nUSO 5/22 $6 C", "created_utc": 1586764641.0, "permalink": "/r/wallstreetbets/comments/g0ek9f/my_us_economic_predictions/", "is_self": true}