{"id": "g80c2o", "title": "Boeing", "selftext": "Earnings report is this week, and I'm itching to make a play.\n\nAs we're all well aware, BA has been one of the most volatile stocks during this crash.  On top of being a major civ aerospace player while flights are grounded, their stock has tumbled on a seemingly endless stream of bad news; culminating this past week with contract cancellations, litigation, a management shakeup, and abandoning a huge international partnership.  It's bad; BA stock has collapsed by a whopping 65% and will likely continue its downward trend after the weekend. \n\nSo why on earth am I buying calls this week?\n\nThe reality is: despite the press, BA is a dominant global player with significant viability.  On top of a massive liquid pool, they have a backlog of over five thousand diverse contracts, from domestic civilian to international military, which all guarantee future revenue.  Unlike energy, there is no logistical trainwreck handicapping their rebound.  Unlike financials, there are no potential economic consequences from stimulus and lending changes.  There are no spooked consumers to drive down revenue post-corona.  Theres a thriving business ready to pick up on the assembly lines where they left off, which as of last week is already happening.\n\nI believe BA is VERY oversold.  The corona market has been one of emotion and fear.  The looming threat of a second leg down has led recession-experienced investors to recoil strongly at any sign of weakness in an equity, especially a prolific blue chip like Boeing, lest it be the flashpoint for another marketwide collapse.  Nobody wants to have their hand on a Jenga block when the tower starts to come down, like it did in 2007.  Boeing has been noticeably quiet throughout all of this, has turned down further bailout money, and has given investors very little to speculate on.  We're moving towards pricing in the absolute worst, but on Wednesday morning, I believe their earnings, though poor, will give the market enough confidence to realize that they aren't going under, and shares should respond.\n\n150+ by EOW", "created_utc": 1587845227.0, "permalink": "/r/wallstreetbets/comments/g80c2o/boeing/", "is_self": true}