{"id": "gax9i1", "title": "Trading is taking my soul", "selftext": "Hoping anyone can help me with this dilemma I seem to be having. Been options trading for a very short time, just since the beginning of quarantine. Learnt a lot and continuing to do so. I'm guessing I got lucky in a lot of cases. Because despite my better knowledge of how options work, basic and advanced trading mechanics, understanding peak times, balance sheet readings, etc. Essentially expanding my knowledge 10x what I though capable on a daily basis. I have been pulling nothing but losses lately. \n\nI can understand if you get a few bad calls. That's is to be expected and unavoidable. But lately..I've been putting a lot of effort into research on making the best judgement call I can on a few movers. And its like the moment..I'm not talking like hours later into intraday trades..or the next day..I\"m talking within 10 mins of me buying a contract...It swings in the ENTIRELY opposite direction!!! As if I triggered the move in some way to work against me. I just dont understand how I was gaining on 3 compared to every 1 loss for a month and now I am negative 9 straight...\n\nWas simply wondering if anyone had any insight into what I may be doing wrong. Is it just simply bad luck? Is the market just starting to stabilize enough that someone like myself cant play the game as effeciently without more time and experience? How do you deal with losses and/or better manage your risks? I'm looking for anything because this is something I got very interested in, have spent a lot of time running through everything I can think of in regards to trading pretty much all day, everyday for weeks..and it doesn't seem to be reflecting that now. Pretty discouraging. I want to continue to be a fellow trader but I'm not sure how much longer I can continue to come up short on every move I make which is defeating the entire purpose of doing this in the first place, obviously. \n\nLike BOEING, for instance, is talking about letting jobs go to relieve some cash. They had a bad quarterly report yesterday, they cant operate...yet they're stock is skyrocketing today!!! What the actual fuck??? That goes against anything I can think of for price rise. A business that cannot operate and is burning cash out of the ass with no immediate future to produce income is going up in value?!?! (mind blown) It dropped right after premarket..and I was thinking. There it is.. dropping (a reasonable amount) like it should. and I went from being up $300 on the put to -200 in less than 30 mins. I wanted to let go while up but I hadnt even covered my premium yet. Its like..how can you survive in this when volatility can burn you like that without reasonable metric for it to do so. Who is responsible for irrational jumps like that??\n\nWhew...sorry for the rant everyone. I'm just at my end with it and I really need help, please. Thanks to any of you who take the time to comment and hope you're doing well through all of this.", "created_utc": 1588258886.0, "permalink": "/r/wallstreetbets/comments/gax9i1/trading_is_taking_my_soul/", "is_self": true}