{"id": "gcvrhe", "title": "Where the market is headed...plus virus update", "selftext": " I'll reiterate these are just my opinions, but all of the numbers or stats I mention are correct from sources like WSJ, Bloomberg, NYT etc. plus individual research.\n\nThe virus:\n\nAs Im sure you've seen recently there has been a lot of media coverage on Remdesivir, the first possible therapeutic for COVID. I have seen various different claims to how effective it is, from Gilead the maker to obscure media outlets like STAT which originally reported it was very effective at wiping out the virus. The WHO leaked the results of a study from China last week that claimed there was no statistical significance between patients who were given a regimen of the drug, and those who werent. This study was double-blind, and had a control group, but was smallish with only I believe around 100 participants. The WHO then pulled this article from their site shortly after it went up. Days later, the official report from China was released the morning of the GDP drop of the month of March which came in at -4.8%, the biggest drop since 2009.  \n\nFunnily enough, that same morning both the GDP report and the small China study were released for Remdesivir, Gilead came out saying that a study in the US patients given the drug resulted in a drop of hospitalization time from 14 days to 11 days, with ~50% of patients improving who had severe results. This covered up the China story quickly. The market jumped 3% and it was blasted on all media outlets that this was the first therapeutic. The flaw in this study was there was no control group, so in my opinion it is nearly impossible to measure how succesful the drug was. It was also not coincidence that this news dropped the same day as the official China study came out. I remain skeptical at how good this drug will turn out to be, but there are much larger studies set to be released in the coming weeks. There are also over 200 different therapies and vaccine trials going on worldwide. Without getting too far into detail, Bill Gates sees 7-10 vaccine trials as being very hopeful with a timeframe of 9-18 months. I personally believe it will be by the end of the year we have a good vaccine option or therapeutic with 90% + effectiveness that will only be available for emergency use. Gates sees the logistics of making billions of drug doses safely as the larger challenge, and that taking longer than expected because it's literally never been done. \n\nIn terms of the latest research about mortality and contagion, it seems that the R-naught (how many people you spread the virus to once you are infected) is much higher than anticipated. Bill Gates seems to think it's around 5. So for every one person who gets it, you give it to 5 people if left unmitigated. Obviously an exponential curve. The reason its so difficult to contain is because how much of a \"viral load\" you are exposed to determines how symptomatic you are, and how sick you get- for the most part. There are reports of people having very high loads and not being symptomatic. Again a reason why its so difficult to track. Social distancing has reduced this R-naught in nearly every state to below 1 or to about 0.8 in most places, which is maintained the virus would eventually fizzle out slowly. Unfortunately, the minute restrictions are lifted the number will rise possibly to above 1 and you will see cases start to climb exponentially again. A great website that illustrates this I've linked here: https://rt.live/\n\nMortality is tricky because it is so biased on age. It seems that the mortality rate on average will be much lower than the ~5% current US statistics report. This is because the denominator for the calculation is likely between 10-50 times larger depending on location than reported cases. An antibody study for NY saw that around 20% of the population has had the virus already. My guess is places where outbreaks are bad the numbers are much higher than reported, and places where numbers are low the reported cases are much more accurate. In all likelihood we will never know the actual number. The death rate for young healthy people without underlying conditions is about 0. The death rate for anyone around 40 without underlying conditions is close to 0, and anyone above 40 with underlying conditions it is pretty dangerous to risk going out. About 95% of the cases are considered \"mild\", but mild cases are like the worst flu you've ever had, and the symptoms last for weeks. Also new reports suggest not only does this ravage the lungs, but it can also cause permanent heart and brain damage for unknown reasons. People have reported upticks in seizures after getting the virus. All in all not great. \n\nI believe we are past the biggest peak of cases if things continue as they have been, but opening up will cause there to be more peaks to come. Probably we will have limited opening and closing of much of the economy all over the country at different points until we have herd immunity or a breakthrough in medicine. The best visual I've seen is a sinusoidal wave that has lower peak to troughs as time goes on. The Y axis being new cases, the X being time. The one anomaly that gives me hope is Sweden which has not locked down but it seems slowly gained/gaining herd immunity. A more likely scenario for the US is Singapore, which is now undergoing strict lockdowns after an initial first wave- they are in the second. What I see is indisputable at this point is we won't ever go back to a complete normal until a vaccine or a 95% + therapeutic. \n\nThe economy\n\nThe last email I sent on March 22nd I mentioned now was the first time I'd buy into the market since the peak for certain companies based on how steep the drop was. By sheer luck, it was the day before the market bottomed on March 23rd. If you had bought some of the stocks that I suggested on the day of the email (which not even I did all of them) most of the companies are up around ~50% with some like Chipotle and some of the hotel and cruise stocks up about ~100% since just 5 weeks ago. Now, I believe we are on the other side of where we were, which is absurdly overbought. Let me explain why. \n\nAs I mentioned last time, there were multiple enormous stimulus packages that were released during the past five weeks. The fed successfully backstopped the credit and equity markets from completely collapsing, which would have happened if they didn't flood an unprecedented amount of liquidity into both markets. \n\nOn a daily basis for the past few weeks the fed has bought around $70 billion of credit, more than entire months of the last few years. They have slowly waned off of this ridiculous buying, but what it did besides stabalize markets is completely disconnect market fundamentals from prices. This is why we have seen an over 60% retracement of the initial drop in the stock market the past month. I believe this is now over, and I am taking a leap to say the peak of the rally was last Thursday. I could be wrong, but from a technical perspective a number of indicators say Thursday might've been it. I am suggesting if you are in stocks that have had a significant updraft since the lows of the past few weeks, I would sell into strength. Despite the unprecedented measures of monetary and fiscal stimulus brought on by the government, and the media headlines of the 'new bull market', the government can only support, not supplant consumer demand. \n\nEstimates of corporate earnings continue to rocket downwards, and the most recent GDP estimate for Q2 is between 30-40% decline. This is not on an annualized basis, but then you need to consider the rebound which is why the market has recovered so much- all hope that the recovery will be V shaped. I believe the recovery wont be nearly as fast as the market has priced in, which is a V. Trump seems to be on this side which has promoted what I consider false hope in many. Even if there is a relatively fast medical breakthrough, 30 million people are now unemployed, with the actual number likely 20% or more higher than 30 million. This means that every single job since the financial crisis' peak unemployment is now gone. 30 million people is 18% of the labor force. Many of these jobs might be temporary layoffs, but the labor participation rate has been declining since the 90s. And with the government's generous $600 a week unemployment check plus state unemployment, anyone making less than $15 an hour would be making less working than sitting at home. In other words, the government is incentivizing companies to lay off workers. These benefits will likely go into 2021, greatly slowing the economic recovery. Also, most small restaurants and consumer businesses cannot sustainably be open at 25% capacity. It is more economically viable to stay closed with no expenses other than rent and utilities than be open paying employees more than $15 an hour at 1/4 capacity with 1/4 tips. \n\nThe market \n\nWe have retraced and bounced off of the 61% level, an important level many people trade on. We also broke the uptrend from the past few weeks, and were trading on ever thinning volume. Additionally, Buffet's favorite market indicator tracking market-cap/GDP is at an all-time high. The market is also extremely top heavy, meaning 5 companies make up more than 20% of the total S&amp;P market cap. Commodities are also tanking, with oil below 20$ a barrel, hitting -40 last week for a day. The last time all of these conditions were in place while the market ticked every higher on hope was the 2001 internet bubble. This is where it gets interesting, if you werent already riveted by this rambling mess of an email. \n\nDuring the market crash, 7/10 retail market participants (us) didnt motify their positions at all. Of the 3 that did, the vast majority actually added stocks, only 16% sold them. One of the key indicators of a market bottom is capitulation, when everyone thinks it'll never end. The market bottoms when there is no one else left to sell. 16% selling doesn't sound like capitulation to me. \n\nLooking at fundamentals, the forward-12 months earnings for the aggregate S&amp;P has been falling precipitously over the past few weeks with the consensus is around $125 a share, a 30% drop from pre-coronavirus levels. This is how much earnings dropped in 2008, and I think this drop will be worse overall so in my opinion it is a conservative estimate. Multiplying that by the average P/E ratio of the past 50 years you get 2,100 for the S&amp;P. Multiplying it by a more realistic number you get 1800. We are trading at ~2850 as of close Friday. This would give an implied P/E forward looking ratio of ~23, the second highest in history after the 2001 bubble. I don't think we will hit 1800 as of now because of what the fed has done, but it isn't out of the question. Many highly regarded investors like Scott Minerd, Jeff Gundlach, and Ray Dalio agree. Minerd sees a worst-case of 1500 for the S&amp;P. \n\nIn summay, I believe we are at the peak of a long term debt cycle. I believe the levels of debt accumulated during this crisis will inhibit investment from consumers and corporations for years to come. 40% of Americans couldn't afford an unexpected expense of $400 without taking on debt before this crisis- during the longest economic expansion in US history. Over the past decade the recovery was the slowest ever since WWII, and the interest rates never got above 2.5% historically very very low, which begs the question why was it so slow? This will change consumer behavior like the Great Depression did, hopefully for the better. But the enormous government responses globally will also fundamentally change how the world operates. Printing money at billions a week is not sustainable, and inflation will occur at some point. For now, the dollar is in such high demand we are likely to see a sustained period of delation, which further hurts an economic recovery and investment. Why would you hire a new employee now if it will cost you less in the future- deflation. I know this sounds doom and gloom, but it's not meant to be. Buffet had his annual meeting today and said America will get through this, and I totally agree. It's just I believe this is a 9/11 or great depression type event that will change our behavior in ways that we don't know yet. Honestly, in the long run probably positively. But from a growth perspective and from the market, it does offer an opportunity. \n\nI could be totally wrong, but if I am I\u2019m going to question everything I know about finance because that\u2019ll prove money grows on trees. Then again Tesla is the second most valuable car company in the world worth $150 billion and its stock is up 70% for the year, and it had income of $16 million the last quarter- so maybe money does grow on trees. Again feel free to offer any thoughts.\n\nTLDR: The market is on the brink of collapse and will start next week. 1800-2100 SPX. \n\nSPX 210p 12/31\nTSLA 400p 7/17", "created_utc": 1588531316.0, "permalink": "/r/wallstreetbets/comments/gcvrhe/where_the_market_is_headedplus_virus_update/", "is_self": true}