{"id": "gergl8", "title": "This is classic misdirection, like in TV or magicians do.", "selftext": "This market is now effectively the U.S. Pension System. It has grown that way over the years because of the popularity of 401k funds. It's a hidden side effect of a societal change that has crept over the years. The stock market is our pension system. Nobody let's their pension system fail. That has a good chance to trigger a revolution. You do anything to avoid that. ANYTHING. Revolutions are bad, mkay.\n\nSo, the stock market will always get bailed out. Unfortunately, the EPIC scale of this clusterfuck is beyond what our system can handle. The government is going to suspend disbelief and try to pull off a magic trick. It's classic stage misdirection. They are attempting to do magic in real time to manipulate the people and hopefully rescue the pension system and avoid a serious revolt.\n\nI don't think they have this one, or if they do, it's going to be very difficult to pull off. They are going to have to bail out so much and distort reality so much that our currency will probably debase, or worse. Loose reserve currency status because of our disgraceful performance during this pandemic because we are being led by a legitimately retarded person.\n\nThe consumers are being left out to dry. No soup for you. The economy runs on consumer confidence and has just been a hologram of interlocking debt. It's a mirage of money printing. Hocus pocus, we were just stimulating everything and keeping interest rates at ZERO, fucking ZERO, for a full fucking decade. No harm could ever come from that. If the stock market was not our pension system, if it was just rich people's gambling houses (how it used to be), the government would just let it fail. No sane person would jeopardize our currency bailing out a gambling house for rich people. However, that's not what the stock market is anymore. It's morphed, slowly, over the years, crept into becoming our pension system... and the flaw in this design, the bug in the code, the fallacy in this policy is the unintended consequences of linking our pension system to a gambling house for the rich.... cause it never really stopped being a gambling house. That's like marrying an abusive boyfriend because you think it will change him kind of dumb. We started dating him because he's dangerous and gets us excited (good returns). Now we're stuck in a relationship with him and it's not exactly what we thought it would be. Let's fucking marry him because it will change him kind of dumb. But we never figured it out before going full bore into this policy.\n\nSo I'm buying leap calls in gold miner stocks. Cause gold is going to skyrocket. Have faith in Trumps ability to lie and manipulate things. He doesn't have this 'in the bag'. They are pushing the printer to the limit and we're gonna see if the whole contraption leaps forward out of this thing. We're gonna shock that dead corpse with 1.21 gigawatts!\n\nThe fucker is showboating around touring the country playing Guns and Fucking Roses. He doesn't have this.", "created_utc": 1588795678.0, "permalink": "/r/wallstreetbets/comments/gergl8/this_is_classic_misdirection_like_in_tv_or/", "is_self": true}