{"id": "glrf6n", "title": "For USO buyers... The situation that retail investors are placing themselves is even worse than institutional investors did during the past decade", "selftext": "Despite such horrendous losses, the illusion of buying cheap oil continues to bring record inflows from small speculators into these funds. USO asset under management skyrocketed from $1.2 billion at the end of 2019 to $3.9 billion as of 8 May 2020. The appetite for buying paper oil is global as demonstrated by another stunning example of Hong Kong-listed Samsung S&P GSCI Crude Oil Futures ETF (HKEX- 1375). At the end of February, this fund held less than 200 WTI contracts which within the following two months jumped to 20,000 contracts causing the fund\u2019s clearing broker to ban any further share creation. And this happened even though the fund was down 85 percent for the year. And the breadth of the retail participation is also striking. According to Robintrack.net, which tracks the number of users holding each asset on online trading platform Robinhood, the record 220,905 user accounts were holding USO fund on 28 April 2020, up from only 8,000 two months earlier.\nFigure 3: Number of trading accounts holding USO on Robinhood trading platform\n\nhttps://www.oxfordenergy.org/wpcms/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/The-rise-of-retail-and-the-fall-of-WTI-.pdf\n\nThe situation that retail investors are placing themselves is even worse than institutional investors did during the past decade. In addition to fighting structurally negative contango roll, ETFs actual holdings of futures must be made public daily, making investors even more vulnerable. Figure 4 shows the snapshot of WTI futures holdings by five largest WTI funds, all available daily on their websites. This is not hugely different from paying a large entrance contango fee for the privilege to play the poker game with professionals where you show them your cards but do not know anything about theirs.\n\n\nFurthermore, even if your poker game does not go well and you may start panicking, according to the rules of this game you must still provide regular updates to your opponents. In the last two weeks of April, the largest of such funds, United States Oil Fund (USO) which held over 25% of the open interest in June WTI contracts, issued regulatory 8-K form ten times updating the market on various changes in their investment policy. In more than half of these forms, the fund spelled out exactly how it was trying to get rid of June WTI futures and rolling them further out the curve being under pressure from regulators to stay within position and accountability limits. Figure 5 summarizes the evolution of these changes which were available for everyone to see. Other updates included an unusual one-for-eight reverse stock split needed to increase the share price by the factor of eight and to prevent it from delisting, and the announcement of the fund running out of allowable shares and waiting for SEC approval for the creation of new ones. After all of these changes, the last 8-K form simply reminded investors that USO could also make other permitted investments, including Brent, Ultra Low Sulfur Diesel, RBOB Gasoline futures all the way up to twelve months forward, and if necessary even trade WTI contracts listed in Dubai and Singapore and use other oil-related investments. Most of these documents were repeatedly warning investors that each of these changes would increase deviations from the stated benchmark and could create challenges for the fund in meeting its investment objectives.", "created_utc": 1589763530.0, "permalink": "/r/wallstreetbets/comments/glrf6n/for_uso_buyers_the_situation_that_retail/", "is_self": true}