{"id": "gnkkhz", "title": "Why this rally is not crazy and why it can easily keep going", "selftext": "Hi fuckwads. Here is my read on what's going down, take it as you wish.\n\nDon't fight the fed. Rates are at 0 and J Pow has reiterated time and again that they can and will literally print unlimited money. There is no alternative for investors to get any sort of yield outside of stonks and money printer going brrrr continues to depress bond yields.\n\nAll the big bois who actually make the markets move, fled equities for bonds and cash back in March and are still sitting on hoards of cash, dripping it back into equities cautiously and continuing to push them higher, and will continue to do so as the market remains relatively stable over longer periods of time. The trend is your friend. This is also partially why the economic data doesn't matter as much as you think it does in regards to jobs and growth leading me to my next point.\n\nYou are flipping burgers at McDickles and lose your job because nobody is showing up, causing them to temporarily close shop. That doesn't get reported until later, and all economic data is backwards looking. Additionally, you not being able to buy stonks because you temporarily lost your minimum wage job is not holding the markets back from looking to the future. People are looking at something that already happened crying about why it's not affecting the markets need to realize this, the markets look to the future not the past.\n\nFrom a technical perspective we just broke above the 200 day moving average on decent volume. I don't care that everyone is posting about it being on low volume, because they are fucking wrong. There has actually been a decent amount of volume if you compare it to historical volume figures. Just take a look at SPY, VOO, IVV, QQQ, or any of the big name blue dick stocks. It's at the very least average, and if not above. If you compare it to March it will obviously be less since volume dramatically picks up in times of volatility.\n\nVIX is still relatively high compared to it's average, and over the long run volatility is mean reverting. Not only are you paying a lot for puts on the SPX, but you're also on the wrong side of the coin long term. The only effective way to hedge in this environment is tail hedging buy getting some deeeeeep OTM SPX puts or VIX calls with a small ass percentage of your account. Look at VXTH on the CBOE website if you want a proxy on how to do this shit the right way.\n\nWhat about a second wave you might ask? The world could barely shut down for 2 months without going fucking bananas and everyone protesting house arrest. Yes it's possible, and it could be the only source of future volatility that I legitimately see coming. I can see us possibly retesting 2600-2700 if this is worse than people are thinking it will be. The most likely scenario at this point is for the markets to continue to slowly drip up as people get more confidence and realize the world will come back to normal. Now that the big bois have already taken their positions, everyone else is going to FOMO us back into the normal cycle. \n\nI am a bisexual investor, I fuck hard when I need to, but I also know when it's time to suck dick. I made money along with the rest of you fools with a combo of TLT calls and SPY puts back in February and March. I also have some nice unrealized losses on the table from my leftover dick sucking days of 2 months ago. Fortunately most of my shit was long, and I took the opportunity to throw more into my equities with the realized profits in March, which outweigh my shit that will expire worthless. I just threw my cock into some LEAPs this week, and might do it again. That being said, I'm still holding a bit in cash, ready for another dip if it happens and tail hedging with VIX calls.\n\nTLDR; bears are fuck, but tail hedge with penny puts/calls", "created_utc": 1590013119.0, "permalink": "/r/wallstreetbets/comments/gnkkhz/why_this_rally_is_not_crazy_and_why_it_can_easily/", "is_self": true}