{"id": "gpc7tm", "title": "Explanation of the markets vs. The Economy right now and what's really going on.", "selftext": "The reason the market hasn't gone down anymore and has become detached from the economy from a strength standpoint, but not a functioning standpoint, is because for it to go any lower than what it was in March or even now would cause complete economic destruction to our country. Smooth operation and minimal levels are required for functioning or it collapses which is a national security concern. Corrections are ok, crashes are bad.\n\nThere are SO many things tied to the price of securities to the point where the market has become too big to fail. The problem is that the current stock market levels give a false sense of security and people do not truly understand the damage that has been done, damage to come or markets rather. Unlimited QE has dire consequences. These over valued stocks like CMG and WING are purposeful because rather than pulling money out of the market and crashing it they keep markets propped with cash representative of a higher level of perceived value and perceived strong economy that are actually overleveraged, intertwined and cannot deleverage because everything is tied to it. It is better to have ridiculous high flyers than to have no money in the market at all and they are viewed as a safe place to store cash for institutions that are probably federally mandated to maintain a certain market level for national security. The only response to this current market scenario is to fail or debt, however when debt becomes too big & deep you end up in failure regardless which we are seeing. Years and years of debt and going down the rabbit hole to the point where there isnt much for options left.\n\nWhile our markets have continually risen to secure the function of them, I do not view it as being from a strength standpoint. I think the numbers assigned to the markets are more representative of how deep down the hole we have gone rather. Higher the S&P and higher the DOW we go, the deeper in the hole we have gone. Hey but wait, how could that be you say? Well, when everyone and every entity is investing in the market to get returns and a company is stretched so thin that a temporary shut down like COVID causes you to go bankrupt or issue more debt that you most likely are at a point where you could never pay it back anyway, but people are mass selling your stocks causing deficits it puts not only your business but the entire market at risk of liquidity.\n\n Share buybacks were important because it put more control in the hands of publicly traded companies from financial sabotage by others, like China. If you hold all the shares at a higher price than you paid, you can sell as needed to raise cash and dont have to worry about some outsider coming in and buying up all your company shares essentially holding your balls in a vise grip. Example, China decides to buy 70% of outstanding shares of XYZ company in the USA over time via multiple government controlled entities at a less than 10% stake. Trump talks tough trade, China says fuck you and releases covid and then sells all XYZ company shares causing it to tank, but they did this across multiple companies and indexes. That's a national security concern, but not if you keep buying your shares back, raising prices and then issuing shares to dilute again to buy more to maintain control of your company or releasing the occasionalbad news to scoop in and buy back at a lower price rather than issuing so that a country cant sell your $100 stock down to $4 and bankrupt you. Index funds were the greatest tool to keep money in markets passively and keep markets propped and public companies full of cash so they dont fail. Public companies are the security of our country operations and the bigger they are the less possibility of someone else starting a company and gaining POWER in our country via a large company. Public companies are intertwined with our government for national security and control of the USA. They dont want YOU to have a big business with control in the USA because you are a threat. Markets were invented to maintain control of the country via companies in the markets the government supports.\n\nThroughout history we can see that all these viruses come from China and they seem to get worse every time one comes out. China doesnt like the USA, they want Taiwan and Hong Kong back, but they cant just take it. Trump talks tough trade, China says fuck you, releases covid, sells stocks, shorts stocks, crashes market, fucks us on chinese companies listed on our markets like LK, FED prints liquidity to keep markets up so our country doesnt collapse, Trump signs dow chart of record gain in a day to snub China for fucking our markets, China says they are basically going to take back HK, Trump says fuck you delist, we keep printing, inflation to come, possible collapse of country, Trump passes regulation to record transactions of all securities so they can see if another country is invading our market or trying to harm it, capitalism exposed, public companies at risk, buy buy buy save our country talk, China talks toughs, WW3, inflation and a few essential publicly traded companies is better than the collapse of your country. We are under financial and biological attack with China not even needing to leave their own country.", "created_utc": 1590266437.0, "permalink": "/r/wallstreetbets/comments/gpc7tm/explanation_of_the_markets_vs_the_economy_right/", "is_self": true}