{"id": "gs92b7", "title": "Theory on why the market is acting the way it is", "selftext": "  There are tons of posts on here and around Reddit and the internet talking about how irrational the market is, how SPY is rigged, or how daddy JPow is overheating his printers, or how the market is going to crash any second now. The reality is probably a lot simpler than that, and here is my surface level knowledge take on it. The initial reaction to the covid outbreak was obviously panic, and rightfully so. All our info came from China and China does nothing but bold-faced lie about everything they can to paint their fake utopia picture. All that uncertainty drove the VIX crazy high and the smart money cashed out large positions at all-time highs. After the outbreak became a pandemic, we started getting good data on rate of spread, fatality counts, treatments, etc, and that uncertainty came back down as it resolved into known things. Just like after earnings, that IV crush happens regardless if the security is up or down. The uncertainty is the thing that causes volatility. Then the federal government began to act, they passed a stimulus bill and added funds for small business loans and the federal reserve essentially said they would do whatever it takes to keep the economy working, these things reduced risks and again reduced uncertainty. \n\nWhen those stimulus checks started to hit people's accounts lots of people bought food or gas or paid off credit cards, but lots of people also opened up Robinhood, Webull, and other brokerage accounts. Brokers started reporting record number of new accounts and deposits and those people started buying up stocks because the word on the street was that they were 'on sale' and if you got in now you'd make a ton of money. They started buying things like Google, Microsoft, Zoom, and Netflix because one of the easiest forms of stock advice given out is that you should invest in what you know and use, with everyone stuck at home they are using Office365 to check their work email, Zoom to talk to their teams, Google to figure out how to bake bread, and Netflix to keep the kids occupied. These just also happen to be some of the biggest market cap companies in the S&P500 which drove SPY up, even though 70% of the companies in the S&P500 are down.\n\nWhat is big money doing during this run-up? They are buying in as well, why not when the fed basically said that they will not let it go tits up! If you are a big investment bank, you basically just got a get out of bankruptcy free card to try and time the market. Either you do it right and get out the day before the crash and make tons of money or you do it wrong and the fed bails you out and puts you back to even, there isn't a downside for them. Add in the fact that there might not even BE a covid-crash 2.0 and you can clearly see the breadcrumb trail as to why the market is behaving the way it is.\n\nSo what should you do? Fuck if I know, I'm not giving out advice, but what I am doing is continuing to dollar cost average like an /r/investing boomer and using options to run SHORT TERM small portfolio percentage gambles, especially /r/thetagang strategies (wheel, iron condors, credit spreads, etc) while acquiring cash. If there is a crash, I have cash to buy the bottom and I'm not getting blown out by having 90% of my account in SPY calls. If there isn't a crash my dollar cost averaging keeps me in the market, and I can start reducing my cash position this time next year. Please tear this argument apart as I want to rid myself of confirmation bias as much as possible.\n\nTL;DR\n\nAcquire cash, dollar cost average in, small short term options plays on shit you feel like gambling on.", "created_utc": 1590682080.0, "permalink": "/r/wallstreetbets/comments/gs92b7/theory_on_why_the_market_is_acting_the_way_it_is/", "is_self": true}