{"id": "gtxfd5", "title": "A non-retard guideline to handle this crisis", "selftext": " \n\nAlright guys,\n\nso here is my non-autistic take on current market events and how you should be trading them.\n\nFirst off I think it is important to understand how this crisis differs from previous ones and how this affects the stock market:\n\n1. In contrast to other economic downturns like the housing crisis, in this one our government can freely decide how bad the economic impact is going to be by lifting lock down restrictions. During the mortgage defaults and bankruptcies, it was pretty clear that the (financial) system would not recover too quickly from this. This brings me to my second point..\n2. Increased economic uncertainty due to the time shift of the pandemic. Not only does it take approximately 14 days to measure the effectiveness of restrictions of lifting of those in terms of new infections, the economic effects are also not that present. Sure, unemployment numbers are higher that ever before in the last decades, however, apart from a few small stores closing and so there are not as many direct effects of the economic downturn on the average citizen YET. The combination of these effects coming at a later stage and the freedom of the choice to lift restrictions makes it hard for many people (including myself) to accurately gauge on the economic effects of this crisis. Furthermore...\n3. The current negative impacts are unevenly distributed. People that got laid off or are struggling with their business are mostly from low wage jobs or very small businesses. Yet, the large international companies have not been hit as severe. This is also due to the fact that a lot of the S&P500 companies make a large part of their revenues from international transactions. (Rather short the russel if you are bearish about the US, this index derives a lot more of its value domestically)\n4. JPow. I dont think I need to say much more to this point.\n5. Retail Investors. With everyone bored at home and Robinhood making trading/investing as accessible as its ever been, retail investors started to massively invest into the stock market. Buying the dip during an economic crisis in your 20s seems like a once in a lifetime opportunity right? Well its not that simple. If many institutionals including Buffet are cautions with stocks, maybe you should also be at this point, leading me to my conclusion how to trade this..\n\nok so how should retail investors behave during this crisis? Well, in my opinion it is rather simple. The market right now cannot be predicted, it could well be that we are over the bridge regarding the infections and the economic impact on the large companies are not as severe leading to the market rallying on FOMO, retail investors and short positions needing to be closed (look at the CoT Report). However, as people tend to underestimate the long run effects on the economy combined with the possibility of a second wave, the stock market could be in big trouble over the next months. So the answer how to behave is (again) rather simple: focus on the short term and do not fight the market.\n\nAs explained, there is too much uncertainty going forward and therefore retail investors should focus on some stocks to buy for the short term. For stock picking, look at P/E for determining how expensive that stock is right now, cash flows and margins to determine how well the company can take the economic hit as well as the future (macro) outlook on the sector the company operates in. Of course, there are a lot more things to focus on but these are (in my opinion) the most important ones right now and I do not want to overstimulate your autistic brain.\n\nFinally, do not fight the market. I mean, yeah, shorting the market exactly at the top is rather cool. However, there is no way to tell when we are there. I have seen a YouTube channel that got quite popular during this crisis that basically does technical analysis on the S&P500. Each day for the last month a video was uploaded with an arrow pointing down from the current level of the S&P500 while the index just rose and rose. Well guess what (insert Tiger King meme here :D) all this time you either made a loss shorting the market or (almost equally bad) missed out on some pretty nice gains. I think the market will eventually go down, however, since there are not exact signs of this yet, I have been riding the wave up quite nicely and made some nice profits with holding undervalued stocks that provided a good setup for a short period of time (I will post my DDs on future plays).\n\nAll thats left for me to say is dont be a too retarded gambler, look at the big picture but never underestimate the market, its stupidity and movements.\n\nCheers\n\nP.S. feel free to discuss your views on these issues or my game plan with me :)", "created_utc": 1590924188.0, "permalink": "/r/wallstreetbets/comments/gtxfd5/a_nonretard_guideline_to_handle_this_crisis/", "is_self": true}