{"id": "hh1j7k", "title": "Don't get shaken out", "selftext": "I'm fucking jacked to the tits in JPM calls (cut a lot of the position at a slight profit and got into energy and SPY 210 calls expiring in a month (some later). I have some concern about the timing of the bank bounce back. Might need LEAPS here. What you guys fail to realize is a lot of this is generated panic is to get the big boys back in the game. Now we care about Corona again? We get tired of BLM? What is on the table in 2 weeks. We are way overdue for vaccine or stimulus pumps. The stress tests went decent and with Volcker out the banks will be able to put up even more treasury collateral (and even significantly worse actually toxic collateral like worthless CLOs and FREQUENT FLYER MILES LOL) up for overnight and especially import term repo where they can swing their dicks, manipulate equities and kill it on derivatives like options and swaps. They are scaring retail into selling them their stocks right now.\n\nThe only real existential risk to banks is negative rates (not defaults) because a majority of their money comes from the interest on their excess reserves sitting in fed accounts (which is already down to .1% from 2% -which was 60% of their revenue at the beginning of the year- and therefore has bank stocks 50% off). Federal funds rate is supposed to be pinned at .1-.25$ for years with negative real yields on long term treasuries for years as well. This is why I ditched money market & high yield savings and went deep in Vanguard VCSH 1-3 year corporate bond etf. If there was risk of S&P 500 companies defaulting these things would not be flying right now trading way above NAV. Not a ton of duration risk either so you wont get wrecked if the FED decide to raise rates a few basis points (unlike holding TLT - if u have TLT when rates go up you are fucked) Apparently the FED is offering no real insolvency risk to US companies (unless you are hertz - which is a joke but if your debt was IG grade to Covid-19 the FED truly does have you covered with a blank check), and VCSH beats inflation so why not? Some shitty BA loans in there but that is they only real timebomb. I even caught a solid .5-1% pump on the shares the other day way Jay said hed buy individual corporates. If we go much further the traditional banking model becomes truly unprofitable (especially with the constant accumulation of leveraged existential risk which makes is unprofitable to make loans).\n\nWe end up with European zombie state run banks since they know longer have any real mechanisms to make money to a degree that outweighs operating costs. If the USA is forced into this route then the world economy is basically fucked anyways in any sense of it's traditional \"free trade / free enterprise\" existence - charade as it is or not.\n\nI think the Fed and the Treasury prevent all of this while they can due to USD strenth. They will continue to backstop everything and provide liquidity/guarantees to banks at very favorable rates in exchange for them acting as a financial conduit from the monetary side to the fiscal side.\n\nAs far as Corona, the only place that really matters is NY: and corona is fucking done there. What this means is that while we are seeing a peak play out in the later hit areas (and they earlier locked down areas like CA). We are near the peak. \n\nI live in the Bay, there was actual traffic yesterday. People are out and just wearing masks. Sure small business is fucked but the S&P 500 and especially the core of it are NOT small businesses (although many are somewhat reliant on them so we may see some fundamental price regression if regular market forces seem to matter again - which i suspect as some point they will, but not yet and they wont cause circuit breakers.\n\nDon't get shaken out. Maybe hold a few late dated tail hedges for the elections when the Vix dips a bit (hopefully we get a chance under 25 again but i doubt it). This is mostly about just selling you guys overpriced options and letting banks/funds stack some ammo at still reasonably reduced prices. Plus the absurd retail pumps might be over so we are looking for equilibrium prices and i'm not sure exacly where those are. However they should be pretty high given the returns on bonds and the amount of liquidity in the asset sphere.\n\nWe don't visit anywhere near the March lows without extraordinary news. \n\nI personally think we flash dip over 300 and start to recover Monday. Watch how the news media trys to influence things to get an idea. \n\nRemember. The treasury is still selling trillions in treasuries to primary dealers forcing cash to the banks and foreign nationals. All these treasuries are then uses for repo to generate more cash. If this devalues the dollar eventually stocks go up AND your TIPS hedges (or I-Bond) hedges go up. This also maintains the historically low yields which prop up asset prices and since the have guaranteed solvency for most s&p500 companies, where is the risk? how does it tank? \n\nCPI deflation doesn't really matter; Asset inflation is largely uncorrelated and going to continue to happen.", "created_utc": 1593292048.0, "permalink": "/r/wallstreetbets/comments/hh1j7k/dont_get_shaken_out/", "is_self": true}